Shields a business entity from civil liability relating to any injury or death occurring at a facility of that entity in connection with a use of such facility by a nonprofit organization if: (1) the use occurs outside the scope of business of the business entity; (2) such injury or death occurs during a period that such facility is used by such organization; and (3) the business entity authorized the use of such facility by the organization. 
Makes this Act inapplicable to an injury or death that results from an act or omission of a business entity that constitutes gross negligence or intentional misconduct, including misconduct that: (1) constitutes a hate crime or a crime of violence or act of international terrorism for which the defendant has been convicted in any court; or (2) involves a sexual offense for which the defendant has been convicted in any court or misconduct for which the defendant has been found to have violated a Federal or State civil rights law. 
Preempts State laws to the extent that such laws are inconsistent with this Act, except State law that provides additional protection from liability.  Specifies that this Act shall not be construed to supersede any Federal or State health or safety law. 
Makes this Act inapplicable to any civil action in a State court against a business entity in which all parties are citizens of the State if such State, citing this Act's authority and containing no other provision, enacts a statute declaring the State's election that this Act shall not apply to such action in the State.
Human Rights Information Act - Requires certain Federal agencies to identify and organize all human rights records regarding activities occurring in Guatemala and Honduras after 1944 for declassification and disclosure purposes, and to make them available to the public. 
Instructs the President to report to Congress regarding agency compliance. 
Prescribes guidelines under which the Interagency Security Classification Appeals Panel shall review agency determinations to postpone public disclosure of any human rights record.  Authorizes postponement of such public disclosures on specified grounds. 
Requires any U.S. agency, upon request by an entity created by the United Nations, the Organization of American States (or similar entity), a national truth commission (or similar entity), or from the principal justice or human rights official of a country that is investigating a pattern of gross violations of internationally recognized human rights, to review, declassify, and publicly disclose any human pertinent rights records. 
Directs the Information Security Policy Advisory Council to report to Congress on declassification of human rights records relating to other countries and to make such report available to the public. 
Creates two additional positions in the Panel in order to implement this Act.
Jackie Robinson Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to:  (1) mint and issue one-dollar silver coins emblematic of Jackie Robinson in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the breaking of the color barrier in major league baseball; and (2) distribute surcharge proceeds to the Jackie Robinson Foundation to enhance its education and youth leadership programs, and increase the availability of scholarships for economically disadvantaged youths.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide (temporarily) for the nontaxable rollover of gain from qualified small business stock to another small business stock.
Native American Energy Act - (Sec. 3) Amends the Energy Policy Act of 1992 to allow the Secretary of the Interior, an affected Indian tribe, or a certified third-party appraiser under contract with the Indian tribe to appraise Indian land or trust assets involved in a transaction requiring the Secretary's approval.  Deems an appraisal that is conducted by an Indian tribe or by an appraiser under contract with an Indian tribe to be approved if the Secretary does not approve or disapprove of the appraisal within 60 days of receiving it. Gives tribes the option of waiving such appraisals if they give the Secretary an unambiguous indication of tribal intent to do so that includes an express waiver of any claims they might have against the United States that result from forgoing the appraisal. (Sec. 4) Requires each agency within the Department of the Interior involved in the review of oil and gas activities on Indian lands to use a uniform system of reference numbers and tracking systems for oil and gas wells. (Sec. 5) Amends the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 to make the environmental impact statement for major federal action on Indian lands available for review and comment only to the affected Indian tribe and individuals residing within the affected area. (Sec. 6) Prohibits the Secretary from collecting a fee for: (1) applying for a permit to drill on Indian land, (2) oil or gas inspection activities on such lands, or (3) any oil or gas lease for nonproducing acreage on Indian land. (Sec. 7) Requires plaintiffs who obtain a preliminary injunction or administrative stay in Indian energy related actions to post bond. (Indian energy related actions are those concerned with energy activities undertaken on Indian land or by Indian tribes on other lands.)  Subjects plaintiffs to liability for a defendant's harm should they not ultimately prevail on the merits of the energy related action. Prohibits plaintiffs in Indian energy related actions against the federal government from receiving certain federal payments for their fees or expenses. (Sec. 8) Amends the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 to direct the Secretary to enter into agreements with Indian tribes, from FY2014-FY2018, to carry out demonstration projects that promote biomass energy production on Indian forest land and in nearby communities by providing tribes with reliable supplies of woody biomass from federal lands. Requires the creation of at least four new demonstration projects during each of those fiscal years. Directs the Secretary, when reviewing project applications, to consider whether a proposed demonstration project will:  increase the availability or reliability of local or regional energy, enhance the tribe's economic development, improve the connection of electric power transmission facilities serving the tribe with other electric transmission facilities, improve the forest health or watersheds of federal land or Indian forest land or rangeland, or  otherwise promote woody biomass use.  Directs the Secretary, to the extent practicable, to incorporate management plans in effect on Indian forest land or rangeland into demonstration project agreements affecting those lands. Prohibits the agreements from having a term that exceeds 20 years, but allows them to be renewed for up to ten additional years. (Sec. 9) Considers activities conducted or resources harvested or produced pursuant to a tribal resource management plan or an integrated resource management plan approved by the Secretary to be a sustainable management practice when sustainability is federally required. (Sec. 10) Amends the Long-Term Leasing Act to authorize the Navajo Nation to enter into commercial or agricultural leases of up to 99 years on their restricted lands without the Secretary's approval, provided they are executed under tribal regulations approved by the Secretary.  Allows the Navajo Nation to enter into mineral resource leases on their restricted lands without the Secretary's approval if they are executed under approved tribal regulations and do not exceed 25 years, though they may include a renewal option for one additional term not exceeding 25 years. (Sec. 11) Prohibits any Department of the Interior rule regarding hydraulic fracturing, used in oil and gas development or production, from having any effect on land held in trust or restricted status for Indians, except with the express consent of its Indian beneficiaries.  
Holocaust Victims Insurance Relief Act of 2001 - Directs the Archivist of the United States to establish and maintain a Holocaust Insurance Registry to consist of information on holders and issuers (and related liable entities) of Holocaust-era insurance policies that were: (1) in effect after January 30, 1933, and before December 31, 1945; and (2) issued to a policyholder domiciled in any area of Europe that was occupied or controlled by Nazi Germany or any ally or sympathizer during such period.Requires: (1) insurers to file such information in an electronic format with the Secretary of Commerce by a specified deadline; (2) the Secretary to assess a civil penalty for each day an insurer fails to comply; and (3) notify each State's commissioner of insurance of the identity of any insurer that has failed to file such information or to satisfy any penalty.
Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to establish a program to assist States and local educational agencies (LEAs) to recruit, train, and hire additional school-based mental health and student service providers, including additional school counselors, psychologists, and social workers (in order to reduce the student-to-counselor ratios nationally, in elementary and secondary schools, to an average of one school counselor for every 250 students, one psychologist for every 1,000 students, and one social worker for every 800 students, as recommended in a report by the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences relating to schools and health).

Directs the Secretary of Education, after reserving certain funds for schools in outlying areas and schools run by the Bureau of Indian Affairs, to make program allotments to States according to a specified formula. Requires States to allocate funds from Federal and State shares of program costs to LEAs according to specified formulae.
Gallatin Land Consolidation Act of 1998 - Provides for the exchange of land and other assets including certain timber harvest rights by the Secretaries of Agriculture and the Interior with the Big Sky Lumber Co. (BSL) for inclusion in the Gallatin National Forest and Deerlodge National Forest, Montana. 
Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to:  (1) implement a timber sale program to fund the purchase of specified (Taylor Fork) BSL land; (2) enter into specified land exchanges (Wapiti and Eightmile-West Pine); and (3) implement a restoration program for lands acquired under this Act.  Encourages the Secretary to pursue a specified land exchange (section 1 of the Taylor Fork land). 
Authorizes appropriations.
Marine Debris Act Reauthorization Amendments of 2012 - Reauthorizes appropriations through FY2015 for, and revises provisions of, the Marine Debris Research, Prevention, and Reduction Act.

(Sec. 3) Renames such Act as the Marine Debris Act. Replaces provisions establishing within the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) the Marine Debris Prevention and Removal Program with provisions establishing the Marine Debris Program to identify, determine sources of, assess, prevent, reduce, and remove the occurrence and adverse impacts of marine debris on the U.S. economy, the marine environment, and navigation safety.

(Sec. 5) Revises Program components, including by requiring the Administrator of NOAA to provide national and regional coordination to assist states, Indian tribes, and regional organizations in identification, determination of sources, assessment, prevention, reduction, and removal of marine debris.

Amends the Marine Plastic Pollution Research and Control Act of 1987 to repeal the plastic pollution public education program.

(Sec. 7) Replaces provisions of the Marine Debris Program concerning interagency coordination with provisions establishing the Interagency Marine Debris Coordinating Committee under the Marine Plastic Pollution Research and Control Act of 1987.

Requires such Committee to submit biennial (currently annual) progress reports.

(Sec. 8) Requires the Administrator to ensure the confidentiality of information submitted into the federal information clearinghouse on marine debris. (Currently, the Administrator is required to take steps to ensure the confidentiality of only such information that is submitted by the fishing industry.)

(Sec. 9) Defines the term "marine debris" as any persistent solid material that is manufactured or processed and disposed of or abandoned into the marine environment or the Great Lakes.
Indian Needs Assessment and Program Evaluation Act of 2001 - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to contract with an appropriate entity to develop a uniform method, criteria, and procedures for determining, analyzing, and compiling the program and service assistance needs of Indian tribes and Indians nationwide.Requires Federal departments and agencies to conduct Indian Needs Assessments aimed at determining the actual needs of tribes and Indians eligible for programs and services administered by such departments and agencies.Directs the Secretary to develop a uniform method, criteria, and procedures for compiling, maintaining, keeping current, and reporting to Congress all information concerning: (1) Federal annual expenditures for programs and services for which Indians are eligible; (2) services or programs specifically for the benefit of Indians; and (3) Federal methods of delivery of services and funding.Requires Federal departments and agencies responsible for providing services or programs to or for the benefit of tribes or Indians to: (1) file Annual Indian Program Evaluations with specified congressional committees; and (2) publish annual listings in the Federal Register of all agency programs and services for which Indian tribes may be eligible.Directs the Secretary to file a Strategic Plan for the Coordination of Federal Assistance for Indians.
Kidney Disease Educational Benefits Act of 2002 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act, as amended by the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000, to provide coverage for kidney disease education services furnished, upon the managing physician's referral, to an individual with kidney disease who will require dialysis or a kidney transplant. Requires such services to: (1) impart comprehensive information regarding management, prevention, and options regarding treatment of kidney disease; and (2) ensure that such individuals have the opportunity to participate actively in the choice of therapy.
Public Safety and Protection Investment Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow businesses to expense the costs of purchasing and installing qualifying security devices.
National Center for Social Work Research Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to establish the National Center for Social Work Research (and a related advisory council) to conduct, support, and disseminate targeted research on social work methods and outcomes related to problems of significant social concern.Sets forth reporting requirements.
Federal Agency Protection of Privacy Act - Requires Federal agencies: (1) when publishing a general notice of proposed rulemaking for any proposed rule or for an interpretative rule involving the internal revenue laws, to prepare, make available for public comment, and publish an initial analysis describing the rule's impact on the privacy of individuals; and (2) when promulgating the final rule, to prepare, make publicly available, and publish a final privacy impact analysis that includes a summary of the significant issues raised by and changes made pursuant to public comments on the initial analysis. Allows an agency head to waive or delay the completion of some or all of such requirements to the same extent such agency head may waive or delay completion of requirements for initial and final regulatory flexibility analyses.Requires the head of an agency promulgating a rule that may have a significant privacy impact on individuals or on a substantial number of individuals to use specified techniques to assure that individuals have been given an opportunity to participate in the rulemaking.Requires each agency to: (1) carry out a periodic review of promulgated rules that have such impact to determine whether each such rule can be amended or rescinded in a manner that minimizes such impact while remaining in accordance with applicable statutes; (2) carry out such review in accordance with a plan that provides for the review of each rule every ten years after the rule was published as a final rule; and (3) publish annually a list of the rules to be reviewed.Sets forth provisions governing judicial review of agency compliance with this Act.Requires submission of an agency's actions under this Act for congressional review.
San Juan Mountains Wilderness Act of 2009 - Designates specified lands in the Grand Mesa, Uncompahgre, and Gunnison National Forests and the San Juan Resource Area of the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) in Colorado as wilderness areas and components of the National Wilderness Preservation System.

Designates specified lands in such National Forests and San Juan National Forest as the Sheep Mountain Special Management Area.

Withdraws lands designated as wilderness or a special management area under this Act, as well as land within the Naturita Canyon Mineral Withdrawal Area, from all forms of: (1) entry, appropriation, or disposal under public land laws; (2) location, entry, and patent under mining laws; and (3) disposition under all laws pertaining to mineral and geothermal leasing or mineral materials.

Sets forth provisions regarding water rights and access to and the operation of water resource facilities in lands designated as wilderness or a special management area by this Act.
New Millennium Classrooms Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) expand the tax deduction for computer donations by corporations to tax-exempt schools to include donations to public libraries; (2) increase from two to three years the age of computers that can be contributed for such deduction; and (3) allow a business tax credit of 30 percent of the value of computers donated to tax-exempt schools and public libraries. Increases the amount of such credit to 50 percent for contributions to schools or public libraries in empowerment zones, enterprise communities, and Indian reservations.
New Options Petroleum Energy Conservation Act of 2007 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a tax credit for investment in a climate neutral combustion facility. Defines "climate neutral combustion facility" as any facility which: (1) burns matter to produce electricity; (2) captures and uses carbon dioxide released during combustion to recover hydrocarbon fuel; and (3) produces no emissions of mercury or greenhouse gasses and no emissions that form fine particulate, smog, or acid rain.

Extends through 2012 the tax credits for investment in solar energy property and for residential energy efficient property expenditures.

Directs the Secretary of Energy to establish a program to award $1 billion to the first U.S. automobile manufacturer who manufactures and sells in the United States 60,000 midsized sedans which operate on gasoline and can travel at 100 miles per gallon.

Authorizes appropriations for the development of advanced lithium ion battery technology.

Allows a taxpayer election to expense biofuel refining property.
Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act This bill requires the Department of the Treasury, in furtherance of efforts to prevent the financing of terrorism, money laundering, or related illicit finance and to make financial institutions' required compliance with sanctions more easily understood, to submit within 270 days and annually thereafter for the next two years a report regarding:   the funds or other assets held in U.S. and foreign financial institutions that are directly or indirectly controlled by specified Iranian officials;  any equity interest such official has in an entity on Treasury's list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons or in any other sanctioned entity;  how such funds, assets, or equity interests were acquired and used;  new methods used to evade anti-money laundering and related laws, including recommendations to improve techniques to combat illicit uses of the U.S. financial system by such officials.   recommendations for revising U.S. economic sanctions against Iran to prevent Iranian officials from using funds or assets to develop and procure ballistic missile technology and commit human rights abuses;   the effectiveness of U.S. economic sanctions against Iran and how Treasury assesses such effectiveness; and  recommendations for improving Treasury's ability to develop and enforce additional economic sanctions against Iran if so ordered by the President.   The unclassified portion of the report shall be made available to the public and posted on Treasury's website in downloadable English, Farsi, Arabic, and Azeri versions.
Military Personnel War Zone Toxic Exposure Prevention Act - Directs the Secretary of Defense to establish and administer a system to identify members of the Armed Forces who were potentially exposed to a hazardous disposal site, as well as any negative health effects that may be related to such exposure.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) administer the system using existing medical surveillance systems; (2) notify a member and his or her commanding officer of a potential exposure; (3) for each member notified, collect information for purposes of the system; (4) for each member notified, annually provide a complete physical examination and related consultation and counseling; and (5) determine, and report to Congress on, whether existing surveillance systems are sufficient to identify all potential negative health effects resulting from such exposure.
New IDEA (Illegal Deduction Elimination Act) - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to deny a tax deduction for wages and benefits paid to or on behalf of an unauthorized alien.

Directs the Commissioner of Social Security and the Secretaries of Homeland Security and the Treasury to jointly establish a program to share information that may lead to the identification of unauthorized aliens. Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to provide taxpayer identity information to the Commissioner of Social Security and the Secretary of Homeland Security on employers who paid nondeductible wages to unauthorized aliens and on the aliens to whom such wages were paid.

Amends the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 to: (1) make permanent the pilot program for verifying the employment eligibility of alien workers (E-Verify Program); (2) apply such program to current employees in addition to new hires; and (3) establish a rebuttable presumption that employers who participate in the pilot program have not violated the prohibition against continued employment of unauthorized aliens.
Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act - Directs the President to appoint a White House Coordinator for International Cultural Property Protection who shall coordinate and promote federal agency efforts to address international cultural property protection activities. Directs the Secretary of State (Secretary in this Act), the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), the Attorney General (DOJ), and the Secretary of Defense (DOD) to submit to the Coordinator information on efforts to protect international cultural property. Authorizes the Department of State, DOD, USAID, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), DOJ, the Department of the Interior, the National Archives, the National Science Foundation, and any other appropriate agency to enter into agreements with the Smithsonian Institution to engage temporarily Smithsonian personnel to assist in international cultural property protection activities. Authorizes the Secretary to make grants to private individuals or organizations for international cultural property protection activities in areas at risk of destruction due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters.  Directs the President to apply specified import restrictions with respect to any archaeological or ethnological material of Syria as if Syria were a State Party to the Convention on prohibiting and preventing the illicit import, export, and transfer of ownership of cultural property (adopted by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization).
Ice Age Floods National Geologic Trail Designation Act - Designates the Ice Age Floods National Geologic Trail, a trail from Missoula, Montana to the Pacific Ocean, to provide for the public appreciation, understanding, and enjoyment of the nationally significant natural and cultural features of the Ice Age Floods and to promote efforts to interpret and educate along the pathways of the floods.

Requires the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service, to administer the Trail in accordance with this Act. Prohibits the Trail, except as provided in this Act, from being considered a unit of the National Park System (NPS). Allows the Secretary, in order to improve management of the Trail and coordinate Trail activities with other public agencies and private entities, to establish and operate a Trail management office at a central location within the vicinity of the Trail.

Requires the Secretary to prepare a cooperative management and interpretation plan for the Trail.

Authorizes the Secretary to plan, design, and construct interpretive facilities for sites associated with the Trail if the facilities are constructed in partnership with state, local, tribal, or nonprofit entities and are consistent with the cooperative management and interpretation plan.

Allows the Secretary, in order to facilitate the development of coordinated interpretation, education, resource stewardship, visitor facility development and operation, and scientific research associated with the Trail and to promote more efficient administration of the sites associated with the Trail, to enter into cooperative management agreements with appropriate officials in the states of Montana, Idaho, Washington, and Oregon in accordance with the authority provided for units of the NPS. States that, for purposes of such authority only, the Trail be considered an NPS unit.

Permits the Secretary to enter into cooperative agreements with public or private entities to carry out this Act.

Specifies the effect of this Act on private property rights.

Declares that designation of the Trail does not create any liability for, or affect any liability under any law of, any private property owner with respect to any person injured on the private property.

Authorizes appropriations.
Private Security Officer Employment Standards Act of 2002 - Permits an authorized employer of private security officers to submit fingerprints or other means of positive identification of an employee or an applicant for a background check. Requires: (1) an employer to obtain an employee's written consent to submit the background check request; and (2) that an employee be provided confidential access to information relating to the employee provided to the employer.Directs the Attorney General, upon receipt of such a request submitted through the State identification bureau or other authorized entity, to search the appropriate records of the Criminal Justice Information Services Division of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and to provide any identification and criminal history records.Limits requests to once every 12 months of continuous employment unless the employer has good cause to submit additional requests.Prescribes criminal penalties for falsely certifying compliance with applicable employer standards or for intentionally using information obtained for purposes other than determining suitability for employment as a private security officer.Authorizes: (1) the FBI Director to collect fees to process background checks; and (2) a State to opt out from participation in the background check system.Sets forth provisions regarding State notification of authorized employers.
Family Privacy and Security Act of 2002 - Directs the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, to: (1) develop, pursuant to the Memorandum of Understanding Between the U.S. Department of Commerce and the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (concerning the policy for determining the addition of top-level Internet domains), a plan for the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) to establish a top-level international domain meeting specified requirements; (2) make the plan available to the public; and (3) enter into any necessary agreements with ICANN to carry out the plan. Provides a process for the selection of an operator of the new domain.Requires the operator of any web site or online service whose primary business is making available material that is harmful to minors to register and operate such web site or online service under the new domain.Provides: (1) liability protections for the new domain operator; (2) registration enforcement procedures; and (3) outreach requirements.Amends the Federal criminal code to require the National Institute of Standards and Technology to prescribe marks or notices to be included in or affixed to the subject line of any e-mail that contains a sexually oriented advertisement sent to minors. Imposes criminal penalties for producing or sending such e-mail without such marks or notices.Imposes criminal penalties for the use of image recording devices to observe, view, photograph, film, or videotape for lewd or lascivious purposes the image of another, including of those under 18 years of age, with exceptions.
Helping Homebuyers Act of 2009 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow individual taxpayers a one-time tax credit for 15% of the purchase price of a principal residence, up to $18,000. Requires repayment of such credit if the taxpayer sells the residence, or fails to occupy the residence as a principal residence, at any time within 60 months after the date of purchase.
Medicare Enhancements for Needed Drugs Act of 2005 - Directs the Comptroller General to review and report to Congress on the retail cost of prescription drugs in the United States during 2000 and 2003, and through April 1, 2006, with an emphasis on the prescription drugs most utilized for individuals age 65 or older.

Requires the Comptroller General to conduct an ongoing study that compares the average retail cost in the United States for each of the 20 most utilized prescription drugs for individuals age 65 or older with: (1) the average prices at which private health plans, the Department of Defense under the Defense Health Program, and the Department of Veterans Affairs acquire each such drug; and (2) the average negotiated price for each such drug that eligible beneficiaries have access to under a Medicare prescription drug plan providing only basic prescription drug coverage.

Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to include in the comparative plan information for beneficiaries under new Medicare part D (Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program) a comparison of average aggregate prescription drug plan beneficiary costs and savings with such costs for a beneficiary with no prescription drug plan.

Repeals the prohibition against interference by the Secretary with the negotiations between drug manufacturers and pharmacies and prescription drug plan sponsors, as well as the requirement of a particular formulary to institute a price structure for the reimbursement of Medicare part D covered drugs. Authorizes the Secretary instead, like other Federal entities that purchase prescription drugs in bulk, to negotiate contracts with manufacturers of covered part D drugs.
Budgeting for Opioid Addiction Treatment Act  This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code to impose a one cent per milligram excise tax on the sale of active opioids by the manufacturer, producer, or importer. The tax excludes prescription drugs used exclusively for the treatment of opioid addiction as part of a medically assisted treatment effort.  The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) must establish a program to provide rebates or discounts to cancer and hospice patients to ensure that they do not pay the tax.  The bill amends the Public Health Service Act to require any increase in federal revenues from the tax after rebates and discounts are subtracted to be distributed to states under the Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment Block Grant program to be used exclusively for substance abuse (including opioid abuse) efforts in the states, including specified treatment programs.  HHS must report to Congress on the impact of this bill on the retail cost of opioids and patient access to opioid medication, the effectiveness of the discount or rebate for cancer and hospice patients, how the funds are being used to improve substance abuse treatment efforts, and suggestions for improving access to opioids for cancer and hospice patients and substance abuse treatment efforts. 
DSHEA Full Implementation and Enforcement Act of 2004 - Makes appropriations for FY 2005, and authorizes appropriations for FY 2005 through 2009: (1) to carry out the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 (DSHEA), the amendments made by DSHEA, and all applicable regulatory requirements for dietary supplements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; and (2) for expanded research and development of consumer information, including information on safety and beneficial effects, of dietary supplements by the Office of Dietary Supplements at the National Institutes of Health.

Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, to: (1) fully and appropriately use such funds to regulate dietary supplements; and (2) report annually on DSHEA implementation and enforcement.
Quality Health Care Coalition Act of 2005 - Exempts health care professionals that are negotiating with a health plan regarding contract terms under which the professionals provide health care items or services for which plan benefits are provided from federal antitrust laws in connection with such negotiations.

Declares that this Act: (1) applies only to health care professionals excluded from the National Labor Relations Act; and (2) does not apply to such negotiations relating to Medicare or Medicaid programs, the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP), medical and dental care for members of the uniformed services, veterans' medical care, the federal employees health benefits program, or the Indian Health Care Improvement Act.
Public Safety Interoperability Implementation Act - Amends the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act to establish in the Treasury the Public Safety Communications Trust Fund, to be funded through authorizations of appropriations and proceeds from the sale of certain bands of Government-owned broadcast spectrum.

Requires the Administrator of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration to administer the Fund. Authorizes the Administrator to make grants to implement interoperability and modernization for the communications needs of public safety, fire, emergency, law enforcement, and crisis management by State and local government agencies and instrumentalities and nonprofit organizations.
Requires the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate to make arrangements for the award of a congressional gold medal to the Army's 100th Infantry Battalion and 442nd Regimental Combat Team, collectively, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II.
Employee Free Choice Act of 2007- Amends the National Labor Relations Act to require the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) to certify a bargaining representative without directing an election if a majority of the bargaining unit employees have authorized designation of the representative (card-check) and there is no other individual or labor organization currently certified or recognized as the exclusive representative of any of the employees in the unit.

Sets forth special procedural requirements for reaching an initial collective bargaining agreement following certification or recognition.

Revises enforcement requirements with respect to unfair labor practices during union organizing drives, particularly a preliminary investigation of an alleged unfair labor practice (ULP) which may lead to proceedings for injunctive relief.

Requires that priority be given to a preliminary investigation of any charge that, while employees were seeking representation by a labor organization, or during the period after a labor organization was recognized as a representative until the first collective bargaining contract is entered into, an employer: (1) discharged or otherwise discriminated against an employee to encourage or discourage membership in the labor organization; (2) threatened to discharge or to otherwise discriminate against an employee in order to interfere with, restrain, or coerce employees in the exercise of guaranteed self-organization or collective bardaining rights; or (3) engaged in any other related ULP that significantly interferes with, restrains, or coerces employees in the exercise of such guaranteed rights.

Adds to remedies for such violations: (1) back pay plus liquidated damages; and (2) additional civil penalties.
Infant Crib Safety Act - Makes it unlawful for any commercial user to: (1) manufacture, sell, or contract to sell any full-size or nonfull-size crib which is unsafe for any infant; or (2) sell, contract to sell or resell, lease, sublet, or otherwise place in the stream of commerce any such crib which is not new and is unsafe for any infant. Makes it unlawful for any lodging facility to offer or provide such an unsafe crib. Presumes as unsafe a crib which does not conform to specified standards in the Code of Federal Regulations and the American Society for Testing Materials Voluntary Standards, unless labeled as dangerous for an infant and not intended to be used for one.

Grants the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) enforcement powers as if this Act were a consumer product safety standard promulgated by it under the Consumer Product Safety Act.

Declares a violation of this Act shall be considered a prohibited act within the meaning of the CPSA, and subject to its penalties and remedies.
Rio Grande Del Norte National Conservation Area Establishment Act - Establishes the Rio Grande Del Norte National Conservation Area in New Mexico, consisting of approximately 235,980 acres of public land in Taos and Rio Arriba Counties.

Requires the Secretary of the Interior to ensure the protection of religious and cultural sites in the Conservation Area and to provide access to them by tribal members for traditional cultural and customary uses.

Requires the Secretary to develop a management plan for the Conservation Area.

Bars the changing of the management status of any area within the boundary of the Conservation Area that is: (1) designated as a component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System; or (2) managed as an area of critical environmental concern.

Designates the Cerro Del Yuta Wilderness and Rio San Antonio Wilderness as wilderness and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System.

Releases the public land within the San Antonio Wilderness Study Area not designated as wilderness from further study for designation as wilderness.

Requires the Conservation Area and the wilderness areas designated by this Act to be administered as components of the National Landscape Conservation System.
Santa Ana River Water Supply Enhancement Act of 2009 - Amends the Reclamation Wastewater and Groundwater Study and Facilities Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior, in cooperation with: (1) the Orange County Water District (the District), to participate in the design, planning, and construction of natural treatment systems and wetlands for the flows of the Santa Ana River, California, and its tributaries into the Prado Basin; (2) local governments, to assist agencies in projects to construct regional brine lines to export the salinity imported from the Colorado River to the Pacific Ocean; and (3) the Chino Basin Watermaster, the Inland Empire Utilities Agency, and the Santa Ana Watershed Project Authority, to participate in the design, planning, and construction of the Lower Chino Dairy Area desalination demonstration and reclamation project. Limits the federal share of total project costs. Prohibits using funds provided by the Secretary for operation and maintenance of the projects. Terminates the Secretary's authority to carry out this Act after 10 years.
Human Cloning Prohibition Act of 2001 - Amends the Federal criminal code to prohibit: (1) conducting or attempting to conduct human cloning; (2) shipping the product of nuclear transplantation for the purpose of human cloning in the United States or elsewhere; and (3) using funds made available under Federal law for any such activity. Authorizes the Attorney General to commence a civil action to enjoin a violation.Provides that nothing in this Act shall be construed to restrict areas of biomedical and agricultural research or practices not expressly prohibited, including nuclear transplantation to produce human stem cells or to create nonhuman animals.Subjects to forfeiture any real or personal property derived from or used to commit a violation.Directs the Attorney General, upon request, to render binding advisory opinions regarding the applicability of such prohibition with respect to specific research projects or practices.Expresses the sense of Congress that the President should cooperate with foreign countries to enforce mutually supported restrictions on such prohibited activities.Amends the Public Health Service Act to require research involving nuclear transplantation to be conducted in accordance with applicable Federal standards for the protection of human subjects.
Social Security Number Protection Act of 2002 - Provides for the regulation of the sale and purchase of Social Security numbers and Social Security account numbers.Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to establish criminal penalties for sales and purchases of the Social Security number and Social Security account number of any person in violation of the laws of the United States.
Women's Progress Commemoration Act - Establishes the Women's Progress Commemoration Commission, which shall report to the Secretary of the Interior on:  (1) sites of historical significance to the women's movement; and (2) recommended actions, under the National Historic Preservation Act and other law, to rehabilitate and preserve them, and provide to the public interpretive and educational materials and activities. 
Authorizes appropriations. 
Requires the Secretary, after receipt of the Commission's report, to report to the Congress on actions taken to preserve the sites identified.
Seasoned Customer CTR Exemption Act of 2006 - Amends federal money and finance law to: (1) repeal the current authority of the Secretary of the Treasury to exempt a depository institution from currency transaction reporting (CTR) requirements with respect to transactions between the depository institution and a qualified business customer; and (2) instruct the Secretary to prescribe regulations that exempt a depository institution from filing a CTR if the transaction is with a qualified customer.

Defines qualified customer as any person that: (1) is incorporated or organized under federal or state law, including a sole proprietorship, or is registered as and eligible to do business within the United States or a state; (2) has maintained a deposit account with the depository institution for at least 12 months; and (3) has engaged, using such account, in multiple currency transactions subject to federal CTR requirements.

Requires such regulations to require a depository institution to file a one-time notice of designation of exemption for each of its qualified customers.

Authorizes the Secretary to: (1) suspend, reject, or revoke any qualified customer exemption notice; and (2) establish conditions under which exempt qualified customers of an insured depository institution merged with or acquired by another insured depository institution will continue to be treated as designated exempt qualified customers of the surviving or acquiring institution.

Requires the Secretary to submit a three-year review and report evaluating implementation of this Act.

Requires the Secretary to review every five years: (1) the continuing appropriateness, relevance, and utility of each threshold amount or denomination established for any mandatory CTR; (2) adjust such amount for inflation, if any; and (3) report to Congress the review findings and conclusions, together with an explanation for any adjustment, or lack of adjustment, of any threshold amount or denomination.
Safe Communities and Safe Schools Mercury Reduction Act of 2004 - Requires the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a grant program for projects to: (1) reduce free-flowing elemental mercury and mercury-added products from the environment; (2) safely dispose of or recycle mercury; (3) educate communities and citizens about mercury's harmful effects; (4) develop and carry out a plan for eliminating free-flowing mercury and instruments containing mercury from K-12 public and private schools; or (5) carry out a mercury thermometer exchange program.

Amends the Solid Waste Disposal Act to: (1) prohibit the sale or supplying of mercury fever thermometers to consumers except by prescription; and (2) require manufacturers of such prescribed thermometers to provide instructions on careful handling to avoid breakage and proper cleanup in the event of breakage. Requires contractors who replace building thermostats in residential or commercial buildings to dispose of replaced thermometers through recycling programs established or participated in by building thermostat manufacturers as required by this Act.

Requires the Administrator to publish guidance to assist State and local governments in removing elemental free-flowing mercury and mercury-added instruments from public and private schools.

Directs the Administrator to issue regulations requiring dentists to install a device that captures 90 percent or more of mercury-laden amalgam on every chair or office structure in which mercury amalgam is administered to patients.
Emergency Petroleum Supply Act - Amends the Energy Policy and Conservation Act with respect to each offering of a quantity of petroleum product during a drawdown of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to prescribe guidelines according to which the State of Hawaii may: (1) submit binding offers for (thus becoming entitled to) and purchase categories of such product, receiving, at the Governor's request, first preference in scheduling for lifting; and (2) enter into agreements with eligible entities (local refineries) which may act on the State's behalf. 
Instructs the Secretary of Energy, at the request of the governor of an insular area, to assist such area in its efforts to maintain adequate petroleum products supplies for a maximum 180-day period.
Flexibility to Promote Reemployment Act  This bill authorizes the Department of Labor to enter into agreements with 10 states per year (currently, 10 states total) for the purpose of allowing such states to conduct reemployment demonstration projects. In addition to a governor of a state, a designee of a governor may apply for approval of such a project.  The allowable project period is extended through December 31, 2021. A demonstration project may include disbursements promoting retention to employers who hire individuals receiving unemployment compensation. Labor must approve completed applications in the order of receipt. Labor may terminate a demonstration project under this bill if it notifies the state in writing with sufficient detail describing the violation and determines that the state has not taken action to correct the violation within 90 days after the notification. The bill directs Labor to evaluate the impact of each demonstration project using existing data sources and methodology appropriate to determine project effects, including the effect on individual skill levels, earnings, and employment retention.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code, with respect to tax-exempt qualified tuition programs (529 plans), to: (1) make permanent the allowance for computer technology and equipment expenses and require that such technology and equipment&nbsp;be used primarily by the plan beneficiary (formerly, beneficiary and beneficiary's family); (2) allow contributors to a 529 plan or a plan beneficiary to direct plan investments, but not more frequently than four times per calendar year; (3) permit a recontribution to a 529 plan&nbsp;of amounts refunded to a student who withdraws from an educational institution&nbsp;if the recontribution is made not later than 60 days after the date of such refund and does not exceed the refunded amount; and (4) allow&nbsp;tax-free rollovers to a Roth individual retirement account (Roth IRA) of distributions from a qualified tuition program which has been maintained by&nbsp;the account holder for a 10-year period. 
Girls Count Act of 2014 - Authorizes the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) to: (1) support programs that will contribute to improved civil registration and vital statistics systems with a focus on birth registration; and (2) promote programs that build the capacity of developing countries' national and local legal and policy frameworks to prevent discrimination against girls, and help increase property rights, social security, land tenure, and inheritance rights for women.
Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to convey certain land to Lander County, Nevada, and the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land to Eureka County, Nevada, for continued cemetery use.
Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act - Revises the authority the Secretary of Defense (DOD) to transfer excess DOD property, including small arms and ammunition, to federal and state agencies for law enforcement activities to:   repeal provisions authorizing the transfer of property the Secretary determines is suitable for use in counter-drug and counter-terrorism activities;  repeal provisions directing the Secretary to carry out such transfers in consultation with the Director of National Drug Control Policy;  condition such a transfer on the recipient certifying that it has the personnel and technical capacity to operate the property and will return property determined to be surplus to its needs;  prohibit the transfer of specified weapons, materials, and equipment, including explosive ordnance, drones, and assault vehicles; and  condition continuation of such program on the Secretary certifying that, for the prior fiscal year, recipients demonstrated 100% accountability for transferred property and complied with program requirements or were suspended or terminated from the program.  Requires the Secretary to: (1) report to Congress and obtain prior approval by law before transferring any DOD property not previously made available for transfer; and (2) submit an annual written certification that a recipient has accounted for, and met transfer conditions for, any such transferred property.  Requires the Defense Logistics Agency to maintain an Internet website on such transfers, unaccounted-for property, and suspended or terminated recipients. Prohibits the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) from permitting awards under a preparedness grant program to be used to buy, maintain, alter, deploy, or provide training in the use of specified tactical, surveillance, or explosives equipment, vehicles, or canines. Amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to prohibit the use of Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant funds for the purchase, maintenance, alteration, or operation of lethal weapons or less-lethal weapons.
Securing Care for Seniors Act of 2015 (Sec. 2) This bill amends part C (Medicare+Choice) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act (SSAct) to direct the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) (in effect, the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services [CMS]) to revise for 2017, and periodically afterwards, the system for risk adjustments to payments to Medicare+Choice organizations so that an individual's risk score takes into account the number of chronic conditions with which the individual has been diagnosed. HHS must, including an actuarial opinion of the CMS Chief Actuary, evaluate the impacts of:  including two years of data to compare the models used to determine the risk scores for 2013 and 2014, removing the diagnosis codes related to chronic kidney disease in the 2014 risk adjustment model, and including 10% of encounter data in computing payment for 2016 and CMS readiness to incorporate encounter data in risk scores.   HHS shall also analyze the best practices of MedicareAdvantage (MA) plans to slow disease progression related to chronic kidney disease. HHS shall then, if appropriate, make revisions to the risk adjustment system, based on such an evaluation or analysis, to better reflect and appropriately weight for the population served. (Sec. 3) Congress declares that the MA star rating system lacks proper accounting for the socioeconomic status of plan enrollees and the extent to which those plans serve individuals also eligible for medical assistance under SSAct title XIX (Medicaid).
Second Opinion Coverage Act of 2005 - Amends the Public Health Service Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), and the Internal Revenue Code to require a group health plan and an issuer offering group coverage to provide coverage for second opinions upon request under certain circumstances, including if: (1) the participant questions the reasonableness or necessity of recommended surgical procedures or of a diagnosis or plan of care for a condition that threatens loss or substantial impairment of life, limb, or bodily function; (2) the clinical indications are not clear or are complex or confusing, a diagnosis is in doubt due to conflicting test results, or the treating health care professional is unable to diagnose the condition; (3) the treatment plan in progress is not improving the medical condition of the participant; and (4) the participant has attempted to follow the plan of care or has consulted with the initial provider concerning serious concerns about the diagnosis or plan of care.

Applies such requirements to coverage offered in the individual market.
Railroad Antitrust Enforcement Act of 2008 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Clayton Act (the Act) to make federal antitrust laws applicable to all common carriers subject to the Surface Transportation Board (STB), regardless of whether the carrier filed a rail carrier rate or whether a complaint challenging a rate is filed.

(Sec. 3) Subjects to antitrust review agreements among rail carriers to pool or divide traffic, services, or earnings.

(Sec. 4) Authorizes the the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to enforce certain provisions of the Act against STB-approved agreements or combinations, including those related to rates.

(Sec. 5) Removes the prohibition against a private party seeking injunctive relief against a rail carrier for a violation of the antitrust laws.

(Sec. 6) Provides that, in any civil action against a rail common carrier, the U.S. district court shall not be required to defer to the primary jurisdiction of the STB.

(Sec. 7) Amends the Federal Trade Commission Act to authorize FTC enforcement against rail carriers for unfair methods of competition.

(Sec. 8) Amends federal transportation law to terminate the exemptions from antitrust laws for rail carriers, including mergers and acquisitions and ratemaking agreements.

Requires the STB when reviewing a proposed rate agreement, to take into account its impact upon shippers, consumers, and affected communities, and to make findings regarding such impact, which shall be made part of the administrative record.

Revises STB authority to provide that a rail carrier, corporation, or a person participating in an approved transaction is not exempt from specified antitrust laws.

(Sec. 9) Makes the date of enactment of this Act its effective date. Makes an exception for parties engaging prior to such enactment in conduct or actions previously exempted by STB approval (such parties to have 180 days to discontinue such conduct or action or otherwise become subject to the antitrust laws).
Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to enter into a lease with CBI Acquisitions, LLC, governing the use of property for the continued management and operation of the Caneel Bay Resort on the island of St. John in Virgin Islands National Park.

Requires any lease entered into pursuant to this Act to include the property covered by the retained use estate entered into by the Jackson Hole Preserve and the United States on September 30, 1983, (the RUE) and any associated property owned by CBI donated to the National Park Service (NPS).

Sets forth provisions regarding: (1) the terms of the lease agreement; (2) appraisals to determine the fair market value of all property covered by the RUE and any property, including the value, if any, of the surrendered term of the RUE, owned by CBI to be donated, or otherwise conveyed, to the NPS; and (3) compensation to the United States of the property's fair market value rent. Makes 80% of such payment available for expenditure within Virgin Islands National Park.

Requires CBI, as a condition of the lease, to relinquish to the Secretary all rights under the RUE and to transfer, without compensation, ownership of improvements covered by the RUE to the United States.
Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2017 This bill requires the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to hire at least 50 Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists, place each one at an eligible VA medical center, and ensure that each one serves as part of a justice team in a veterans treatment court or other veteran-focused court. An eligible VA medical center is one that:   complies with all VA guidelines and regulations for placement of a specialist;   works with a veteran with active, ongoing, or recent contact with some component of a local criminal justice system;  maintains an affiliation with one or more veterans treatment courts or other veteran-focused courts; and   either routinely provides specialists, or establishes a VA-approved plan to provide specialists, to serve as part of a justice team in such a court.  The VA shall prioritize the placement of specialists at eligible VA medical centers that have an affiliation with such a court that: (1) was established after the date of this bill's enactment, or (2) was established before such date and is not fully staffed with specialists.    
.  Veterans E-Health and Telemedicine Support Act of 2017 or the VETS Act of 2017  (Sec. 2) This bill allows a licensed health care professional of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to practice his or her profession using telemedicine at any location in any state regardless of where the professional or patient is located if the covered health care professional is using telemedicine to provide VA medical or health services.   Such authority shall apply to a covered health care professional regardless of whether the covered health care professional or patient is located in a federally-owned facility.   The bill defines &quot;covered health care professional&quot; as a health care professional who: (1) is a VA employee appointed under specified VA authorities or under the civil service; (2) is authorized by the VA to provide health care; (3) is required to adhere to all telemedicine quality standards; and (4) has an active, current, full, and unrestricted state license, registration, or certification for such health care profession. The VA shall report to Congress on the effectiveness of the VA's use of telemedicine.
Directs the President, within 30 days after enactment of this Act, to report to Congress with respect to: (1) the overall economic and security relationship between the United States and each major net oil exporting country (including members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)); (2) the effect that coordination among such countries with respect to oil production and pricing has had on the U.S. economy and global energy supplies; (3) information on all assistance provided to such countries under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act (including licenses for the export of defense articles and defense services); and (4) the President's determination as to whether or not each such country is engaging in oil price fixing to the detriment of the U.S. economy.Directs the President, not later than 30 days after submitting the report, to: (1) undertake a concerted diplomatic campaign to convince any country determined to be engaged in oil price fixing to the detriment of the U.S. economy that the current oil price levels are unsustainable and will negatively affect global economic growth rates in oil consuming and developing countries; and (2) take the necessary steps to begin negotiations to achieve multilateral action to reduce, suspend, or terminate bilateral assistance and arms exports to major net oil exporters engaged in oil price fixing as part of a concerted diplomatic campaign with other major net oil importers to bring about the complete dismantlement of international oil price fixing arrangements. Requires the President to report to Congress with respect to such diplomatic efforts.
Teacher Support Act of 2001- Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) make the two percent floor on miscellaneous itemized deductions inapplicable to qualified professional development expenses incurred by elementary and secondary school teachers and aides; and (2) allow a credit to elementary and secondary school teachers, instructors, counselors, aides, or principals who provide classroom materials.
Emergency Malpractice Liability Insurance Commission (EMLIC) Act - Establishes the Emergency Malpractice Liability Insurance Commission, whose purpose is to examine the causes of soaring medical malpractice premiums and propose a comprehensive strategy to combat the consequences. Directs the Commission to investigate the possible linkage between: (1) skyrocketing malpractice insurance premiums; (2) rising jury awards; (3) decreased accessibility and affordability of health care; and (4) a rise in the number of physicians moving, quitting, or retiring.
This bill directs the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate to arrange for the award on behalf of the Congress of a single gold medal to American military personnel who fought in defense of Bataan, Corregidor, Guam, Wake Island, and the Philippine Archipelago between December 7, 1941, and May 10, 1942, and who died or were imprisoned by the Japanese military in the Philippines, Japan, Korea, Manchuria, Wake Island, and Guam from April 9, 1942, until September 2, 1945, in recognition of their personal sacrifice and service to their country.  Following its award the gold medal shall be given to the Smithsonian Institution where it shall be displayed and made available for research.  The bill expresses the sense of the Congress that the Smithsonian Institution should make the gold medal available for display at other locations, particularly locations associated with these American military prisoners.
National Forest Organizational Camp Fee Improvement Act of 2003 - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to charge an annual acreage and market value-based fee for the occupancy and use of National Forest System lands (land use fees) and facilities (facility fees) by organizational camps (nonprofit or governmental entity-run camps for youth or persons with disabilities). Provides for annual land use fee adjustments.Reduces the land-use fee, but not below a minimum amount to be determined by the Secretary, for: (1) use by persons with disabilities and at-risk children; and (2) youth programs through organized social, citizenship, character-building, or faith-based activities oriented to outdoor recreation. Prohibits facility use fee reductions.Provides for an additional fee if an organizational camp derives revenue from such lands' or facilities' use for purposes other than to introduce young people or people with disabilities to natural resource education or other appropriate experiences.
Great Lakes Federal Effectiveness Act - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to replace provisions regarding the Great Lakes Research Office of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration with those establishing an interagency Great Lakes Research Council. 
Directs the Council to:  (1) promote the coordination of Federal Great Lakes research activities to avoid duplication and ensure effectiveness in achieving protection of the Great Lakes ecosystem through the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement; (2) prepare a document that assesses research activities and Federal expertise in such activities needed to fulfill Agreement goals; (3) identify topics for and participate in workshops and conferences on Great Lakes research issues; (4) make recommendations for the uniform collection of data for enhancing research and management protocols relating to the Great Lakes ecosystem; (5) advise in improving the integration of multimedia data concerning the ecosystem and in efforts to establish a multimedia data base for the ecosystem; and (6) ensure that findings and information regarding such research are disseminated in a timely manner.
Apprenticeship, Training, and Employment Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide small employers with a highly skilled trades training credit.
Professional Boxing Safety Act - Allows a professional boxing match to be held in the United States only if:  (1) the State where the match is to be held has a State boxing commission or the promoter who seeks to put on a boxing event in a State that does not have such a commission has entered into an agreement with the chief administrative officer of a State that does to oversee the match; and (2) such commission has established procedures to carry out this Act. 
Directs each professional boxer to register with the commission of the State in which such boxer resides or, where a boxer is a resident of a foreign country or a State without such a commission, with any State commission. 
Requires a commission to issue an identification card to each registered professional boxer to be renewed by the boxer at least once every three years and to be presented to the commission by the time of the weigh-in for a professional boxing match. 
Directs each commission to establish procedures to:  (1) evaluate the professional records of each boxer participating in a boxing match in the State; (2) ensure that no boxer is permitted to box while under suspension from any commission due to injury or other medical-related reason, including a recent knockout, failure of a drug test, inability to safely compete, and the use of false aliases; and (3) ensure that if such commission is considering permitting a boxer, promoter, manager, or other licensee to participate in a boxing event while the individual is under suspension for any other reasons, such commission shall notify and consult the chief administrative officer that ordered the suspension prior to the grant of approval. 
Requires the results of a professional boxing match and the suspension of a boxer, promoter, or manager to be reported to the professional boxing registries certified by the Association of Boxing Commissions (ABC) and the Florida State Athletic Commission within 48 business hours.  Specifies that if the State of Florida ceases to publish and circulate a national suspension list at no cost to other States on a frequent basis, ABC shall select a different public or private entity to voluntarily undertake such task. 
Authorizes the U.S. Attorney to bring a civil action in U.S. district court requesting relief to restrain a person or entity from continuing to engage in, or to sanction, a professional boxing match in violation of this Act. 
Imposes criminal penalties on managers, promoters, matchmakers and licensees who knowingly and willfully violate this Act. 
Directs the Secretary of Labor to conduct a study on the feasibility and cost of a national pension system for professional boxers, including potential funding sources.
Kids Invest and Develop Savings Act of 2007 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) increase the allowable amount of the tax credit for retirement savings; (2) expand eligibility for such credit to taxpayers with adjusted gross incomes up to $95,000 ($150,000 for joint returns); (3) establish tax-exempt Roth individual retirement accounts (IRAs) for individuals under the age of 25; and (4) allow a tax credit for contributions to such IRAs.
Health Care Access for Small Businesses Act of 2006 - Amends the Social Security Act to create a new title XXII to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to award grants for the startup and operation of 50 eligible three-share pilot programs for a five-year period. Characterizes a three-share program as three-way health insurance premium sharing among employer, employee, and the grant funds.

Authorizes the use of grants to establish three-share programs, provide for contributions to premiums, and establish risk pools. 
 
 Requires grant applicants to: (1) be either nonprofits or local governmental entities; (2) define the program's service region; (3) have the capacity to carry out administrative functions associated with managing health plans; and (4) have demonstrated community involvement. 
 
 Requires programs to pay for the costs of services through monthly premiums, divided among employee, employer, and grant funds according to specified percentages. 
 
 Sets forth minimal coverage requirements for three-share program eligibility. 
 
 Requires the Administrator to develop a formula to determine which businesses qualify as distressed businesses for purposes of this Act.
Coltsville National Historical Park Act - Establishes the Coltsville National Historical Park as a unit of the National Park System in Connecticut.

Requires the Park to provide interpretation and viewing of specified sites, including the East Armory and Colt Park. Requires the Secretary of the Interior to enter into a written agreement with the Connecticut State Library, Wadsworth Atheneum, and the Colt Trust, or other public entities, as appropriate, to gain access to Colt-related artifacts to have them on display in the East Armory or within the Park.

Authorizes the Secretary to enter into cooperative agreements with the owners of any properties within the Historic District or any nationally significant properties within the Park under which the Secretary may identify, interpret, restore and provide technical assistance for the preservation of such properties.

Requires any federal funds under such an agreement to be matched on a one-to-one basis by non-federal funds.

Authorizes the Secretary to provide technical assistance and public interpretation of related historic and cultural resources within the Historic District.

 Requires the Secretary to complete and submit to Congress a management plan for the Park with the advice of the Coltsville National Historical Park Advisory Commission established by this Act.
Directs the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to prescribe regulations implementing such prohibition. Provides a cause of action for a person or entity, or a State attorney general on behalf of its residents, for violations of such prohibition or regulations.Directs the FCC to study and report to Congress regarding the transmission of caller identification information.
Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities Prevention Act of 2002 - (Sec. 2) Amends Public Health Service Act provisions concerning the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities to add "disabilities and health" to categories of data with regard to which the Secretary of Heath and Human Services is directed to collect, analyze, and make available. Requires the Secretary to conduct research on and promote the prevention of birth defects and disabilities and to support a National Spina Bifida Program to prevent and reduce suffering from the nation's most common permanently disabling birth defect.Removes certain provisions regarding data collection, including one requiring the Secretary to collect and analyze data by gender and ethnic and racial group. Modifies reporting requirements, including to require the Secretary to report to Congress on the incidence and prevalence of individuals living with developmental disabilities and the health status of such individuals. Declares that certain data and information collected under the Act shall be subject to a specified provision of the General Education Provisions Act pertaining to privacy.Requires that the members of the advisory committee appointed by the Director of the National Center for Environmental Health that have expertise in birth defects, developmental disabilities, and disabilities and health shall be transferred to and shall advise the National Center on Birth Defects on the date of the enactment of this Act.Authorizes appropriations through FY 2007.(Sec. 3) Amends the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 to revise provisions concerning allotments to State councils on developmental disabilities.
America Implementing New National Opportunities To Vigorously Accelerate Technology, Energy, and Science Act or America INNOVATES Act - Amends the Department of Energy Organization Act to: (1) rename the position of the Under Secretary for Science the Under Secretary for Science and Energy, and (2) require the Under Secretary to establish appropriate linkages between offices under his or her jurisdiction and perform functions and duties prescribed by the Secretary of Energy (DOE).  Directs the Secretary to ensure that the following duties and responsibilities are carried out through one or more appropriate statutory or administrative entities: (1) evaluation, coordination, and promotion of the transfer of National Laboratory research and development (R&amp;D) results to the market in collaboration with the Technology Transfer Coordinator; (2) recommendations to the Secretary of best practices for the National Laboratories; and (3) implementation of other appropriate duties to improve National Laboratory operations and performance.  Expresses the sense of the Senate regarding the development of a coordinated strategy for the national laboratories in the 21st century.  Directs the Secretary to carry out the three-year DOE pilot program under the Agreements for Commercializing Technology.  Requires each agreement entered into under the pilot program to increase the authority of the contractor of the applicable National Laboratory to negotiate contract terms, such as intellectual property rights, indemnification, payment structures, performance guarantees, and multiparty collaborations.    Directs the Secretary to delegate to the directors of the National Laboratories signature authority with respect to any cooperative R&amp;D agreement, non-federal work-for-others agreement, or any other appropriate agreement, the total cost of which (including National Laboratory contributions and project recipient cost share) is less than $1 million.   Amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to permit the directors of the National Laboratories to use funds allocated for technology transfer within DOE to carry out early-stage and pre-commercial technology demonstration activities to remove technology barriers that limit private sector interest and demonstrate potential commercial applications of any research and technologies arising from National Laboratory activities intended to meet the federal government's research needs. Amends the Small Business Act to direct the Secretary to inform small business concerns seeking funding under the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) programs about resources available to them at National Laboratories and federally funded R&amp;D centers. Amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to exempt any activity performed by an institution of higher education or nonprofit institution from the requirement that at least 20% of the cost of a research or development activity be provided by a non-federal source.  Requires the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to report to Congress on the results of projects developed under this Act. 
Depleted Uranium Munitions Suspension and Study Act of 2001 - Directs the Secretary of Defense and other Federal entities to suspend the use and approval for foreign sale or export of depleted uranium munitions until the Secretary of Health and Human Services certifies to specified congressional committees that studies indicate such munitions will not jeopardize the health of U.S. or NATO military personnel or civilian populations if used in future conflicts.Limits subsequent use, foreign sale, or export to stocks certifiably free of plutonium and other transuranic matter.Directs the Comptroller General to investigate the contamination of stocks of depleted uranium munitions with transuranic elements.Requires the Directors of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry and the Center for Disease Control and Prevention to jointly and comprehensively study the health effects of exposure to such weapons on veterans and their children, as well as a public health assessment of persons with an epidemiological link to military installations or production facilities where such munitions have been used or produced. Directs the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to conduct a comprehensive study of possible environmental contamination at these installations or facilities. Requires the Secretary of Defense to: (1) furnish to the Administrator with a list of sites; and (2) develop a plan for their mitigation and cleanup (consistent with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969).
Gulf of Mexico Red Snapper Conservation Act of 2013 - Directs the Gulf States Marine Fisheries Commission to prepare, adopt, and submit to the Secretary of Commerce a fishery management plan providing for the conservation and management of Gulf of Mexico red snapper and specifying the requirements necessary for Gulf coastal states (Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas) to comply with such plan.  Requires the Commission to ensure an opportunity for public participation in the preparation of the plan.  Prohibits such plan, for a three-year period, from reducing the overall quota of Gulf of Mexico red snapper apportioned to commercial fishing, except in the event of a reduction in stock in which case the quota shall be reduced to ensure a sustainable harvest. Permits an increase in quota based on stock assessments.  Directs the Secretary to determine whether the plan includes fishery management measures compatible with the national standards in the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act and to certify whether the plan properly conserves and manages Gulf of Mexico red snapper.  Requires each Gulf coastal state to submit to the Commission appropriate management measures to ensure compliance with the conservation objectives of the fishery management plan. Directs the Commission, upon certifying that the states have submitted sufficient measures, to certify to the Secretary to revoke federal management of Gulf of Mexico red snapper. Directs the states to manage the Gulf of Mexico red snapper in the adjacent coastal waters consistent with the fishery management plan. Directs the Secretary, upon receiving the management measures certification from the Commission, to publish notice in the Federal Register revoking regulations and portions of the federal fishery management plan for the Reef Fish Resources of the Gulf of Mexico that conflict with the plan for Gulf of Mexico red snapper, including the deletion of the species from the management unit.  Directs the Commission to determine at least annually whether state enforcement is satisfactory and to notify the Secretary of each negative determination.  Authorizes the Secretary to close the fishery within federal waters adjacent to such a state upon receiving notice of a negative determination or a report that the state has not implemented any necessary measures to end overfishing, rebuild fisheries, or provide for data collection to monitor harvests.  Directs the Secretary to report biennially to Congress on the economic impacts and benefits for the local, regional, and national economy of the Gulf of Mexico red snapper fishery. 
Gun Show Accountability Act - Amends the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to prohibit any person from organizing, planning, promoting, or operating a gun show without: (1) registering with the Secretary of the Treasury and paying a registration fee; (2) first verifying the identity of each show vendor participating by examining a valid identification document containing a photograph of the vendor; (3) first requiring each vendor to sign a ledger with identifying information and a notice advising the vendor of his or her obligations; (4) notifying each attendee of requirements under the Act; and (5) maintaining a copy of the records described above at the permanent place of business of the show promoter for such period of time and in such form as the Secretary shall require. 
Sets forth provisions regarding: (1) responsibilities of transferors and transferees other than licensees, including criminal background check requirements; and (2) records of licensee transfers. 
Sets penalties for violations of this Act. 
Authorizes the Secretary to enter during business hours the place of business of any show promoter and any place where a show is held for purposes of examining required records and the inventory of licensees conducting business at the show, without a showing of reasonable cause or a warrant. 
Increases penalties for: (1) serious recordkeeping violations by licensees; and (2) violations of criminal background check requirements. 
Amends the Brady Act to require the national instant criminal background check system, if receipt of a firearm would not violate the Act or State law, to destroy records of the system relating to the call and to the person or transfer (current law) as soon as possible but in no event later than 90 days after the date on which the licensee first contacts the system with respect to the transfer.
Housing Programs Extension Act of 1994 - Directs the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to offer owners 24-month extensions of expiring section 8 assistance contracts.  Authorizes tenant displacement assistance in cases of unextended contracts.  Authorizes appropriations. 
Amends the United States Housing Act of 1937 to:  (1) include Rockland County, New York, as a special median income area; (2) reduce disaster and emergency modernization funding set-asides; and (3) set aside specified modernization funds for anti-crime activities. 
Amends the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987 to extend set-aside grant authority through FY 1995 for low-income housing preservation and homeownership acquisition grants and technical assistance and capacity building. 
Amends the National Housing Act to authorize appropriations through FY 1995 for the flexible subsidy program. 
Amends the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968 to authorize appropriations through FY 1995 for specified housing counseling services. 
Amends the United States Housing Act of 1937 to extend set-aside authority through FY 1995 for public housing reconstruction for disabled families. 
Provides for:  (1) assistance conversion of certain projects in Michigan and Pennsylvania; (2) rehabilitation compliance for certain projects in New Jersey; and (3) eligibility of certain public housing for demolition in Texas. 
(Sec. 3) Amends the Housing Act of 1949 with regard to rural housing to:  (1) extend the underserved area set-aside through FY 1995; (2) eliminate the termination date for the multifamily housing loan insurance program, and make such loan available for a 50-year period; (3) extend the set-aside through FY 1995 for rental housing funds for nonprofit entities; (4) make certain properties in North Carolina eligible for rural homeownership loans; and (5) consider South Tucson, Arizona, a rural area. 
(Sec. 4) Amends the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 to extend the multifamily housing mortgage risk-sharing program through FY 1995. 
(Sec. 5) Amends the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act to extend through FY 1995 community development block grant (CDBG) set-asides for colonias. 
Amends the Housing and Community Development Act of 1994 to:  (1) extend through FY 1995 CDBG public services limitations; and (2) provide certain cities in California with a 20 percent CDBG public services use limit. 
Authorizes Pittsburgh and Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, to retain and use certain urban development action grant funds. 
Directs the Secretary to cancel certain housing and related debts for Richmond, Virginia, and Lockport Township, Illinois. 
Amends the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 to extend through FY 1995 insurance authority and authorization of appropriations (including mortgage and community development assistance) for the New Towns Demonstration Program for Los Angeles, California. 
Amends the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 to authorize appropriations for the Earth Conservancy in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, to reclaim coal mining-damaged land. 
(Sec. 6) Amends Federal law to permit qualifying State agencies to be treated as sureties.
Safety Net Extension Act - Amends the Temporary Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 2002 (TEUCA) to: (1) extend the TEUCA program through November 30, 2003, with a phaseout period through February 28, 2004; and (2) provide eight additional weeks of TEUC benefits to those who have exhausted theirs before enactment of this Act.

Amends the Federal-State Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970 to revise the formula for the extended benefits trigger.

Amends the Social Security Act to require: (1) increases and decreases in the earnings allocated to State accounts when States meet or fail to meet funding goals; and (2) interest-free advances to State accounts in the Unemployment Trust Fund to be restricted to States which meet funding goals.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) suspend the tax on individual unemployment compensation for 2003 and 2004; (2) allow certified States to elect to collect Federal unemployment taxes, under the Federal Unemployment Tax Act (FUTA); and (3) require States to distribute to unemployed individuals State-specific information packets explaining unemployment insurance eligibility conditions.

Amends the Trade Act of 1974 to: (1) extend the authorizations of appropriations for adjustment assistance for workers, for firms, and for farmers; and (2) require delegation to the International Trade Administration of all functions, powers, and duties to carry out the program of adjustment assistance for firms (with the exception of such program for small firms, which continues to be delegated to the Small Business Administration).
Offshore Fairness Act - Amends the Submerged Lands Act to extend the seaward boundaries of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia to a line three marine leagues (currently, three geographic miles) distant from the coast line.  Directs the Secretary of the Interior to: (1) notify such states of the right to request a conveyance of the applicable interest of the United States in and to the expanded submerged land; and (2) at such a state's request, convey to the applicable state the interest of the United States in and to such land.  Prohibits states conveyed such land from imposing: (1) burdens or requirements on an interest owner that would be stricter than any federal burdens or requirements, and (2) administrative or judicial penalties or sanctions on an interest owner that are more severe than any federal administrative or judicial penalty or sanction.  Declares submerged land within the seaward boundaries of such states to be subject to federal oil and gas mineral rights and to be considered part of the federal outer continental shelf for purposes of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006, and other laws applicable to the leasing of the oil and gas resources.  Prohibits this Act from affecting any federal oil and gas lease in effect on the date of the land conveyance. Excludes from specified requirements and prohibitions any interest in the expanded submerged land that is granted by the state after the date on which the land is conveyed.  Authorizes such states to exercise their sovereign taxation powers within the entire extent of the extended seaward boundaries. Prohibits this Act from affecting a state's authority to tax any federal oil and gas lease in effect on the date of enactment of this Act.  Directs the Secretary of Commerce to grant such states exclusive fishery management authority over: (1) reef fish in the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean in the expanded submerged land, (2) red snapper fish in designated areas until the state's governor certifies that the stock assessments of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) are accurate and based on sound science. 
Tonto and Coconino National Forests Land Exchange Act - Title I: Tonto and Coconino National Forests Land Exchange - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to convey to certain private land owners specified lands in the Tonto National Forest in exchange for the conveyance by such land owners of certain lands adjacent to the Montezuma Castle National Monument and certain lands within the Coconino National Forest. Requires that the values of Federal and non-Federal lands be equalized.Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to convey to certain private land owners specified lands northeast of Payson, Arizona, in exchange for the conveyance by such land owners of certain lands within the Tonto National Forest. Requires that the values of Federal and non-Federal lands be equalized. Terminates all special use cabin permits on the Federal land upon execution of the exchange.Deletes from an exchange Federal land parcels that cannot be transferred due to hazardous materials, threatened or endangered species, cultural or historic resources, or wetland and flood plain problems and requires making appropriate adjustments to equalize land values being exchanged.Provides that the land acquired by the Secretary become part of the Tonto or Coconino National Forest, as appropriate. Provides for: (1) the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer all or a portion of the lands acquired adjacent to the Montezuma Castle National Monument to the administrative jurisdiction of the National Park Service; and (2) the incorporation of such lands in the Montezuma Castle National Monument.Title II: Mendocino National Forest Land Conveyance - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to convey to the owner of Faraway Ranch in Lake County, California ("the recipient"), by quitclaim deed, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to specified National Forest System (NFS) lands in Mendocino National Forest in Lake County. Directs the recipient to pay the Secretary an amount equal to the fair market value of the NFS lands. Assigns all transaction costs associated with the conveyance to the recipient. Requires the funds received by the Secretary to be used for the acquisition of land and interests in land for NFS purposes in California and for reimbursement of costs incurred by the Forest Service in making the conveyance. Withdraws, subject to valid existing rights, the lands being conveyed from all forms of location, entry, and patent under the public land laws and the mining and mineral leasing laws of the United States.
Nurse Loan Forgiveness Act of 2003 - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 (HEA) to include, under HEA student loan forgiveness and cancellation programs, nurses who serve at least one calendar year in an approved health care facility or setting.Limits the maximum amount of such loan repayment by the Secretary of Education to not more than $2,000 after the first year of such a nurse's employment, with incremental increases after the second through fourth years, up to $5,000 after the fifth year of such employment.
Domestic Partnership Benefits and Obligations Act of 2001 - Entitles domestic partners of Federal employees to benefits available to spouses of Federal employees. Specifies certifications required for benefit eligibility, filing requirements regarding partnership dissolution, and confidentiality requirements. Amends the Internal Revenue Code to extend the tax exemption for employer contributions to accident and health plans to domestic partners under this Act.
50 States Commemorative Coin Program Act - Amends Federal law to mandate redesign of quarter dollar coins issued during the ten-year period beginning 1999, with the reverse side emblematic of five of the 50 States each year during such period, selected in the order of their ratification of the U.S. Constitution or their admission to the Union.
Poison Control Center Enhancement and Awareness Act - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide coordination and assistance to regional poison control centers for the establishment of a nationwide toll-free phone number to be used to access such centers. Authorizes appropriations, prohibiting use of the funds to fund any privately funded nationwide toll-free phone number used to provide advice and other assistance for poisonings or accidental exposures. Directs the Secretary to establish a national media campaign to educate the public about poison prevention and the availability of local poison control resources and to conduct advertising campaigns concerning the nationwide toll-free number.  Authorizes appropriations. Directs the Secretary to award grants for certified regional poison control centers to achieve financial stability and to prevent, and provide treatment recommendations for, poisoning.  Mandates other grant uses.  Sets forth center certification requirements.  Authorizes appropriations.
Timely Repatriation Act  This bill directs the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to publish a report every six months listing: (1) countries that have refused or unreasonably delayed repatriation of an alien who is a national of that country (the report must include the total number of such aliens) and countries that have an excessive repatriation failure rate, and (2) each country that was included in both the report preceding the current report and the current report (DHS may exclude a country if the total number of nonrepatriations outstanding is less than 10 for the preceding three-year period). The Department of State, with respect to a listed country: (1) may not issue visas to attendants, servants, and personal employees of such country's officials and employees who receive nonimmigrant status; and (2) shall reduce the number of visas available for such country's diplomats and officials/employees by 10% for each six months that a country is listed.
Directs the Secretary of Transportation to establish a flexibility incentive grant pilot program to encourage states to establish new sources of revenue for public transportation projects and services and to reward states for creating more flexibility in the use of their existing transportation funds.

Requires the Secretary to make a grant for FY2008-FY2011 to: (1) each state whose increase in expenditures for public transportation projects and services over the preceding fiscal year was 10% or more and aggregate expenditures for such projects and services was $1 billion or less; (2) each large state whose increase in expenditures for such projects and services over the preceding fiscal year was 1% or more and aggregate expenditures for such projects and services was more than $1 billion; (3) each state that established in the first preceding fiscal year a dedicated source of revenue (i.e., state motor fuels tax, sales tax, or other specified sources of revenue) for carrying out public transportation projects and services that was not in effect in the second preceding fiscal year and which will result in a 10% increase of state funds expended for such projects and services within two years after such implementation; and (4) each state that in the preceding fiscal year amended state law or the state constitution to allow restricted highway funds to also be used for public transportation projects and services. Sets forth certain grant eligibility requirements.

Directs the Secretary to conduct, and report to Congress on, a study to evaluate the pilot program.
Civil Rights History Project Act of 2006 - Requires the Librarian of Congress and the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution (acting through the Director of the National Museum of African American History and Culture) to establish an oral history project to: (1) collect video and audio recordings of, and visual and written materials relevant to the personal histories of, participants in the Civil Rights movement; and (2) make the collection available for public use through the Library of Congress and the Museum.
Citizen Involvement in Campaigns Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow: (1) a $200 tax credit ($400 for joint returns) for contributions to a candidate for Federal elective public office or to the national committee of a national political party; and (2) a tax deduction (available to taxpayers who do not itemize deductions) for such political contributions up to $600 ($1,200 for joint returns).
Community Pharmacy Fairness Act of 2009 - Entitles independent pharmacies negotiating contract terms with a health plan for the provision of health care items or services to the same treatment under the antitrust laws as the treatment to which bargaining units recognized under the National Labor Relations Act are entitled. Treats such a pharmacy as an employee engaged in concerted activities in connection with such negotiations.

Exempts actions taken in good faith reliance on this Act from being subject to criminal sanctions or civil penalties beyond actual damages incurred.

Provides that this Act does not exempt from application of antitrust laws any agreement or unlawful conspiracy that: (1) would have the effect of boycotting any independent pharmacy; (2) would exclude, limit the participation or reimbursement of, or otherwise limit the scope of services to be provided by any independent pharmacy or group of independent pharmacies with respect to the performance of services that are within their scope of practice as defined or permitted by relevant law or regulation; (3) allocates a market among competitors; (4) unlawfully ties the sale or purchase of one product or service to the sale or purchase of another product or service; or (5) monopolizes or attempts to monopolize a market.

Requires the Comptroller General to study the impact of this Act after five years.

Provides that this Act does not preclude the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) or the Department of Justice (DOJ) from overseeing the conduct of independent pharmacies covered under this Act.
Nurses for Under-Resourced Schools Everywhere Act or the NURSE Act This bill establishes a competitive demonstration grant program through which the Department of Education (ED) shall award matching funds to increase the number of school nurses in public elementary and secondary schools served by an eligible entity.&nbsp;An eligible entity is a state educational agency or local educational agency (LEA) in which at least 20% of students are eligible to participate in the school lunch program.  In awarding grant funds, ED shall give priority to&nbsp;high-need LEAs&nbsp;that demonstrate the greatest need for new or additional nursing services. A high-need LEA is one in which at least 40% and no fewer than 15,000 students are eligible to participate in the school lunch program.
Domestic Energy Promotion Act of 2011 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) reduce the volumetric ethanol excise tax credit (VEETC) to 20 cents per gallon in 2012 and 15 cents per gallon in 2013; (2) link the amount of such credit to the price of crude oil for calendar quarters beginning after 2013; (3) modify the rates of the income tax credit for alcohol used as fuel and extend such credit through 2016; and (4) extend through 2016 the alternative fuel refueling property tax credit, the cellulosic producers' tax credit, and the special depreciation allowance for cellulosic biofuel plant property.

Amends the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to reduce by specified amounts through 2016 the additional duties on ethyl alcohol blends (ethanol) used as fuel.
George C. Marshall Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue one-dollar silver coins and half-dollar clad coins in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the Marshall Plan and George Catlett Marshall. 
Mandates that coin sale surcharges be paid equally to:  (1) the George C. Marshall Foundation; and (2) the Friends of George C. Marshall for construction and operation of the George C. Marshall Memorial and Visitor Center in Uniontown, Pennsylvania.
Church Insurance Protection Act - Expresses the sense of the Congress that:  (1) any arson attacks against churches should be condemned; and (2) houses of worship and their congregations should be held harmless for any acts of arson and insurance companies should be prohibited from taking punitive measures against them because of such acts. 
Prohibits an insurer from canceling, declining to renew, or requiring a higher premium or contribution for fire insurance for a religious property based on:  (1) the race, color, religion, or national origin of property users; (2) the status of the property as religious property; (3) any previous arson against the property; or (4) any perceived arson threat.  Places authority and responsibility for investigating violations of, and enforcing, this Act in the Attorney General.  Authorizes the Attorney General to begin a civil action.  Authorizes preventive relief and mandates civil monetary damages.
Jean Lafitte National Historical Park and Preserve Boundary Adjustment Act of 2006 - Amends the National Parks and Recreation Act of 1978 to: (1) adjust the boundary of the Barataria Preserve Unit of Jean Lafitte National Historical Park and Preserve in Louisiana by increasing the acreage limitation; and (2) authorize the Secretary of the Interior (the Secretary) to acquire any such additional land, water, and interests in land and water by donation, purchase (but only with the owner's consent), transfer from any other federal agency, or exchange.

Requires, with respect to the Bayou aux Carpes Addition and the CIT Tract Addition, any federal land acquired in such Additions to: (1) be transferred without consideration to the administrative jurisdiction of the National Park Service; and (2) any federal land in the Additions that is transferred, be subject to any easements that have been agreed to by the Secretary and the Secretary of the Army. Permits the acquisition of any private land, water, or interests in land and water in the Unit only with the owner's consent.

Modifies and/or eliminates certain provisions related to the acquisition of property within the Unit.

Permits hunting, fishing, and trapping within the Unit, but only as to land, water, or interests in land and water managed by the Secretary. Continues to provide for the designation of zones where, and established periods when, no hunting, fishing, or trapping shall be permitted except for public safety reasons.
Medical Malpractice Rx Act - Establishes an alternative dispute resolution (ADR) procedure for all health care liability actions, except: (1) certain actions for damages arising from a vaccine-related injury or death; or (2) an action under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA).Establishes a five-year maximum statute of limitations for health care liability actions. Makes a defendant in any health care liability action liable (severally but not jointly) only for the amount of noneconomic damages ($500,000 maximum) in direct proportion to the defendant's share of fault or responsibility for the claimant's actual damages.Requires for the award of punitive damages that the claimant establish that the harm was the result of conduct: (1) specifically intended to cause harm; or (2) manifesting a conscious, flagrant indifference to the rights or safety of others.Prohibits the award of punitive damages against a manufacturer or product seller of a drug or medical device where: (1) the drug or device was subject to Food and Drug Administration (FDA) premarket safety and labeling approval; or (2) the drug is generally recognized as safe and effective pursuant to FDA conditions.Allows punitive damages if the defendant: (1) intentionally and wrongfully withheld from or misrepresented material information; or (2) made an illegal payment to an FDA official or employee.Prohibits punitive damages against a drug manufacturer or product seller relating to the adequacy of the packaging or labeling of a drug required by regulation to have tamper-resistant packaging unless the court finds that such packaging or labeling is substantially out of regulatory compliance.Permits defendants to introduce evidence of collateral source payments.Entitles the prevailing party in an action to attorney's fees from the non-prevailing party under specified conditions.Specifies contingent fee limits. Declares that any ADR used to resolve a health care liability action or claim shall contain provisions for statute of limitations, noneconomic damages, joint and several liability, punitive damages, collateral source rule, periodic payments, and award of attorney's fees which are identical to the provisions of this Act.
Earmark Elimination Act of 2018  This bill establishes a point of order in the Senate against considering legislation that includes an earmark. Under the bill, an &quot;earmark&quot; is a congressionally directed spending item, tax benefit, or tariff benefit targeted to a specific recipient or group of beneficiaries. The point of order may be waived by an affirmative vote of two-thirds of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn. If the point of order is successfully raised and sustained, the earmark shall be stricken from the legislation.
Protect our Kids Act of 2011 - Establishes the Commission to Eliminate Child Abuse and Neglect Fatalities to conduct a thorough study on reducing fatalities from child abuse and neglect.
Give Fans a Chance Act of 2001 - Provides that the antitrust exemption applicable to broadcasting agreements made by professional sports leagues shall not apply to a league for any period during which any member club is: (1) subject to a league's requirement or to an agreement made by two or more member clubs that forbids any of such clubs to transfer an ownership interest to any governmental entity or to members of the general public; or (2) not in compliance with the following relocation or elimination requirements.Requires a member club or a league to furnish notice of a proposed relocation of a club out of its home territory or of club elimination not later than 180 days before the commencement of the new season. Provides that, during the notice period: (1) a local government, stadium, arena authority, person, or any combination thereof (local government) may prepare and present a proposal to purchase the club to retain it in the home community; and (2) the club and the league shall give a local government the opportunity to present a proposal to induce the club to remain. Directs the league to make a determination, before the expiration of the notice period, regarding the relocation or elimination. Sets forth criteria for relocation or elimination decisions, including the extent to which fan loyalty to and support for the club has been demonstrated.
Tax Equity Act of 2009 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide regional cost-of-living adjustments in individual income tax rates. Directs the Secretary of Labor to produce a regional cost-of-living index.
Family-Friendly Workplace Act - Amends the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to authorize private employers to provide compensatory time off to private employees, at a rate of 1 1/2 hours per hour of employment for which overtime compensation is required. Authorizes an employer to provide compensatory time only if it is in accordance with an applicable collective bargaining agreement or, in the absence of such an agreement, an agreement between the employer and employee.

Prohibits an employee from accruing more than 160 hours of compensatory time. Requires an employee's employer to provide monetary compensation, after the end of a calendar year, for any unused compensatory time off accrued during the preceding year.

Requires an employer to give employees 30-day notice before discontinuing compensatory time off.

Prohibits an employer from intimidating, threatening, or coercing an employee in order to: (1) interfere with the employee's right to request or not to request compensatory time off in lieu of payment of monetary overtime compensation; or (2) require an employee to use such compensatory time.

Makes an employer who violates such requirements liable to the affected employee in the amount of the compensation rate for each hour of compensatory time accrued, plus an additional equal amount as liquidated damages, reduced for each hour of compensatory time used.
Women's Preventive Health Awareness Campaign - Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to: (1) provide for the planning and implementation of a national public outreach and educational campaign to raise public awareness, including provider awarenesss, of women's preventive health; and (2) establish a national media campaign and maintain and update an appropriate Internet website as part of such campaign.
Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act   Directs the Department of the Interior and the Department of Agriculture (USDA) to implement a process to provide eligible organizations and individuals expedited access to federal land to conduct good Samaritan search-and-recovery missions, which are searches for one or more missing individuals believed to be deceased at the time that the search is initiated.  Sets forth procedures for the approval or denial of requests made by eligible organizations or individuals to carry out a good Samaritan search-and-recovery mission.  Requires Interior and USDA to develop search-and-recovery focused partnerships with search-and-recovery organizations to coordinate good Samaritan search-and-recovery missions, and expedite and accelerate mission efforts for missing individuals. 
Water Supply Permitting Coordination Act  (Sec. 3) This bill establishes the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for purposes of coordinating all reviews, permits, licenses, or other approvals or decisions (reviews) required under federal law to construct new surface water storage projects in the states covered under the Reclamation Act on lands administered by the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture, including state-led projects, exclusive of any easement, right-of-way, lease, or any private holding, unless the project applicant elects not to participate in the process authorized by this bill (qualifying projects). The Bureau: (1) upon receipt of an application for a qualifying project, shall identify any federal agency that may have jurisdiction over a required review; and (2) shall notify such agency that it has been designated as a cooperating agency unless specified conditions apply.  A state in which a qualifying project is being considered may choose to: (1) participate as a cooperating agency; and (2) make subject to the processes of this bill all state agencies that have jurisdiction over the project, are required to conduct or issue a review, or are required to make a determination on issuing a permit, license, or approval for the qualifying project. (Sec. 4) The principal responsibilities of the Bureau are to: (1) serve as the point of contact for applicants, state agencies, Indian tribes, and others regarding qualifying projects; (2) coordinate preparation of unified environmental documentation that will serve as the basis for all federal decisions necessary to authorize the use of federal lands for qualifying projects; and (3) coordinate all federal agency reviews necessary for the development and construction of qualifying projects. The Bureau shall notify cooperating agencies of proposed qualifying projects by 30 days after receipt of a proposal and facilitate a pre-application meeting for prospective applicants, relevant federal and state agencies, and Indian tribes to: (1) explain applicable processes, data requirements, and applicant submissions necessary to complete the required federal agency reviews within the time frame established; and (2) establish the schedule for the qualifying project. The Bureau shall work with the qualifying project applicant and cooperating agencies to establish a project schedule. In establishing the schedule, it shall consider:  the responsibilities of cooperating agencies under applicable laws and regulations; the resources available to such agencies and the non-federal qualifying project sponsor; the overall size, complexity, schedule for, and cost of the qualifying project; and the sensitivity of the natural and historic resources that may be affected.  The Bureau must:  prepare a unified environmental review document on which all cooperating agencies shall base project approval decisions; help ensure that cooperating agencies make necessary decisions regarding environmental compliance in accordance with specified time lines; maintain a consolidated administrative record of the information assembled and used by the cooperating agencies as the basis for agency decisions; ensure that all project data is submitted and maintained in generally accessible electronic format and make such project data available to cooperating agencies, the qualifying project applicant, and the public; and appoint a project manager for each qualifying project.  (Sec. 5) Each cooperating agency must submit to the Bureau: (1) a time frame for completing the agency's authorizing responsibilities, (2) all environmental review material produced in the course of carrying out activities required under federal law, consistent with the project schedule, and (3) all relevant project data in a generally accessible electronic format. (Sec. 6) The Department of the Interior, after public notice, may accept and expend funds contributed by a non-federal public entity to expedite the evaluation of a permit of that entity related to a qualifying project. Interior must ensure that all final permit decisions are made available to the public, including on the Internet.
Joint Administrative Procedures Committee Act of 2003 (JAPC Act) - Establishes a Joint Administrative Procedures Committee to selectively review existing major rules of Federal agencies and recommend amendment or repeal of such rules. Directs the Committee to periodically review the regulatory plan of each agency of its most important significant regulatory actions that the agency reasonably expects to issue in proposed or final form in the fiscal year in which the plan is submitted.

Makes it in order for any Member of the House, after the third legislative day after the date on which the committee to which a joint resolution is referred has reported, to move to proceed to consideration of a joint resolution. Waives all points of order against the motion to proceed and against consideration of that motion. Makes the motion privileged in the House and not debatable. Provides that: (1) the motion is not subject to amendment, to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business; and (2) debate in the House shall not exceed one hour.

Provides that: (1) before a rule can take effect, the Federal agency promulgating the rule shall submit to each house of Congress and to the Comptroller General a report to the Committee; and (2) within a specified time frame, the Committee may report a committee resolution recommending that each standing committee with jurisdiction to which copies of the applicable report were provided report a joint resolution disapproving the applicable rule.
Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Registry Act of 2012 or the SAFER Act of 2012 - Amends the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to authorize the Attorney General to make Debbie Smith grants under such Act to states or local governments to conduct audits of samples of sexual assault evidence that are awaiting testing, provided such government submits an audit plan that includes a good-faith estimate of the number of such samples. Requires between 5% and 10% of Debbie Smith grant funds distributed in FY2014-FY2018 to be awarded for such purpose if sufficient applications to justify such amounts are received by the Attorney General, provided such award doesn't decrease funds for other distribution requirements.

Requires the Attorney General to establish a Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Registry that: (1) allows state and local governments to enter specified information about samples of sexual assault evidence in their possession that are awaiting testing, and (2) tracks the testing and processing of such samples. Requires such a government: (1) to complete a funded audit and enter such information about the sample into the Registry within one year after receiving a grant under this Act; (2) within 21 days after receiving a sample that was not in such government's possession at the time of the initiation of such audit, to enter information about such sample into the Registry; (3) to update the status of a sample within 30 days after any change; (4) to provide that the chief law enforcement officer of such government is the individual responsible for such government's compliance with registry requirements; and (5) to assign each sample a unique numeric or alphanumeric identifier. Exempts from such Registry-requirements samples that are not considered criminal evidence or that relate to a sexual assault for which the prosecution of each perpetrator is barred by a statute of limitations.

Requires the Attorney General to make publicly available on a website aggregate non-individualized and non-personally identifying data compiled from information required to be entered into the Registry, to allow for comparison of backlog data by state and local governments.

Requires, for each fiscal year through FY2018, not less than: (1) 40% of Debbie Smith grant amounts to be awarded to carry out DNA analyses of samples from crime scenes for inclusion in the Combined DNA Index System, and (2) 75% of grant amounts to be awarded for a combination of that purpose and to increase the capacity of state or local government laboratories to carry out DNA analyses.
Medical Laboratory Personnel Shortage Act of 2001 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS), through scholarships and loans for health professional training under the National Health Service Corps' scholarship and loan repayment programs, to assure an adequate supply of medical technologists and medical laboratory technicians to provide primary health services in health professional shortage areas.Requires the Secretary to give preference, in making awards of grants and contracts to increase the number of individuals trained in allied health professions, to entities with programs training medical laboratory personnel.Directs the Secretary to make grants for training to increase the number of cytotechnologists available for screening women for cervical cancer.Directs the Secretary to support programs that train medical laboratory personnel in disciplines that recognize or identify the resistance of pathogens (in combating antimicrobial resistance) and that recognize or identify a potential biological agent (in combating bioterrorism).Revises requirements for the use of Federal payments under cooperative agreements or grants between the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute and public or private nonprofit entities for the training of allied health professionals with respect to the prevention and treatment methods for heart, blood vessel, lung, or blood diseases. Requires that training emphasis be given to medical laboratory personnel in medical laboratory disciplines with respect to which there are needs for increased numbers of personnel.
Smart Energy and Water Efficiency Act of 2015 This bill amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Department of Energy (DOE) to establish and carry out a smart energy and water efficiency pilot program to award grants to utilities, municipalities, water districts, and other water authorities for demonstrating novel and innovative technology-based solutions that will:   increase the energy efficiency of water, wastewater, and water reuse systems;  improve those systems to help communities make significant progress in conserving water, saving energy, and reducing costs; and  support the implementation of innovative processes and the installation of advanced automated systems that provide real-time data on energy and water.  DOE must annually evaluate each grant project and make best practices identified in the evaluations available to the public. 
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to establish a limited energy efficient appliance credit for the eligible production of qualified energy efficient appliances produced by a taxpayer.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Full Disclosure Act - Amends the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act to declare that stock, obligations, securities, participations, or other instruments issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) shall not be exempt securities within the meaning of the laws administered by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) (thus subjecting such securities to SEC regulation).

Amends the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act to declare that any securities issued or guaranteed by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) shall not be exempt securities within the meaning of SEC-administered laws (thus subjecting such securities also to SEC regulation).

States that transactions involving the initial disposition by an approved seller of pooled certificates acquired by the seller from Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac upon the initial issuance of the pooled certificates shall be deemed to be transactions by a person other than as an issuer, underwriter, or dealer within the meaning of the laws administered by the SEC.

Defines pooled certificates as single class mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac that have been issued by Fannie or Freddie directly to the approved seller in exchange for the mortgage loans underlying such mortgage-backed securities.

Amends the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt specified applicants filing a securities registration statement subject to a fee from being required to pay aggregate fees in excess of 5% of the target offsetting collection amount for the fiscal year.

States that fees paid in connection with registration statements relating to business combinations shall not be included in calculating the total fees paid by any applicant.
.  Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park Establishment Act - (Sec. 4) Establishes the Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park in Massachusetts and Rhode Island as a unit of the National Park System.  Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to acquire, by donation, purchase from a willing seller, or exchange any land or interests in land considered contributing historic resources in specified historic sites and districts for inclusion in the Park's boundary.   Authorizes the Secretary to acquire up to 10 acres in Woonsocket, Rhode Island for the development of administrative, curatorial, or visitor facilities for the Park.  Permits acquisition of lands owned by the states or political subdivisions by donation only.  Requires the Secretary to prepare a general management plan for the Park, which shall consider ways of using preexisting or planned visitor facilities and recreational opportunities developed in the National Heritage Corridor.  Authorizes the Secretary to provide technical assistance, visitor services, interpretive tours, and educational programs to sites and resources in the Corridor located outside of the Park's boundary which are associated with the purposes for which the Park is established.  Authorizes the Secretary to enter into cooperative agreements with the states, their political subdivisions, nonprofit organizations (including Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor, Inc.), and other interested parties to provide: (1) technical assistance, interpretation, and educational programs in the historic sites and districts; and (2) up to 50% of the cost of any natural, historic, or cultural resource protection project in the Park.  Requires any federal funding made available under such an agreement to be matched on a one-to-one basis by non-federal funds.  Requires an agreement for reimbursement of any payment made by the Secretary for the cost of any project in the Park if there is any conversion, use, or disposal of the project for purposes inconsistent with this Act's purposes.  Dedicates the Park to former U.S. Senator John H. Chafee from Rhode Island in recognition of: (1) his role in the preservation of the resources of the Blackstone River Valley and the heritage corridor that bears his name, and (2) the decades of his service to the people of Rhode Island and the United States.  Requires a memorial to be displayed at a location in the Park that recognizes Senator Chafee's role in the preservation of the resources of the Blackstone River Valley for the people of the United States.  (Sec. 5) Adjusts the boundary of the John H. Chafee Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor.  Designates the Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor, Inc., as the local coordinating entity for the Corridor.  Requires the local coordinating entity to assume the duties of the Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor Commission for the implementation of the Cultural Heritage and Land Management Plan.  Allows the local coordinating entity to use amounts made available under this Act, among other things, to: (1) make grants to Massachusetts and Rhode Island, their political subdivisions, nonprofits, and other persons; and (2) enter into cooperative agreements with or provide technical assistance to such states, their political subdivisions, nonprofits, federal agencies, and other interested parties.  Authorizes the Secretary to enter into agreements with the local coordinating entity and other public or private entities to provide technical assistance or to implement the Cultural Heritage and Land Management Plan.  Directs the Secretary to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the local coordinating entity to ensure: (1) the transition of management of the Corridor from the John H. Chaffee Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor Commission to the local coordinating entity, and (2) coordination regarding the implementation of the Plan.  Extends the Commission through FY2016.  (Sec. 6) Authorizes appropriations for establishment of the Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park. 
Expedited Rescissions Act of 1997 - Amends the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to provide for the expedited consideration of certain proposed rescissions of budget authority.
Adams National Historical Park Act of 1998 - Establishes as a unit of the National Park System the Adams National Historical Park in Quincy, Massachusetts, to preserve certain properties associated with John and John Quincy Adams, the second and sixth Presidents of the United States, and their wives.  Requires the Park to be administered by the Secretary of the Interior.  Authorizes the Secretary to enter into cooperative agreements for the Park's preservation, development, interpretation, and use. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Government Credit Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2007 - Requires the head of each executive agency, except the Department of Defense (DOD), to: (1) establish safeguards and internal controls for purchase cards, convenience checks, and travel cards; and (2) prescribe regulations implementing such safeguards and controls that provide for adverse personnel actions or other punishment against employees for card violations, negligence, misuse, abuse, or fraud.

Requires each agency Inspector General to: (1) periodically conduct risk assessments of agency purchase and travel card programs and associated internal controls, analyze weaknesses and the frequency of improper activity, and develop a plan to determine the scope, frequency, and number of periodic audits of cardholders; (2) perform periodic audits of card holders and report results to the agency head; and (3) report to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OBM) and the Comptroller General on the implementation of recommendations to address audit findings.

Requires DOD regulations that govern the use and control of purchase cards and convenience checks that are issued to DOD personnel to include safeguards and internal controls to ensure that: (1) the Inspector Generals of DOD, the Army, the Navy, and the Airforce periodically conduct risk assessments of the DOD purchase card program and associated internal controls, analyze weaknesses and the frequency of improper activity, and develop a plan to determine the scope, frequency, and number of periodic audits of cardholders; (2) DOD utilizes technologies to prevent or identify fraudulent purchases, including controlling merchant codes and utilizing statistical machine learning and pattern recognition technologies that review the risk of every transaction; and (3) DOD invalidates the purchase card of terminated or transferred employees.

Amends the Travel and Transportation Reform Act of 1998 to require each agency head to establish safeguards and internal controls over travel charge cards. Requires the Administrator of General Services to prescribe regulations governing the implementation of such safeguards and internal controls.

Requires the heads of agencies that have employees who use centrally billed accounts to establish safeguards and internal controls to ensure that agencies: (1) compare items submitted on an employee's travel voucher with items paid using such an account; (2) dispute unauthorized charges and track disputed transactions to ensure appropriate resolution; and (3) submit requests for refunds for fully or partially unused tickets to the holder of the applicable contract for a centrally billed account.
Family Health Care Accessibility Act of 2007 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to deem volunteer practitioners who provide medical services to patients at certain nonprofit health centers in underserved areas as employees of the Public Health Service (thus extending the liability protections of the Federal Tort Claims Act to such practitioners).

Defines "volunteer practitioner" as a licensed physician or licensed clinical psychologist who provides services to patients of a health center without compensation or reimbursement at a health center site or a site designated by a health center.
Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 - Requires the Secretary of the Interior to provide financial assistance for conservation of rhinoceros and tiger projects. 
Authorizes the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) Secretariat, or any other person, to submit to the Secretary a project proposal for the conservation of such animals.  Provides for approval criteria and project reporting.  Directs the Secretary to consider projects which will enhance sustainable development programs to ensure effective, long-term conservation of rhinoceros and tigers. 
(Sec. 6) Establishes in the Treasury the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Fund.  Provides for Fund deposits, Fund use, and acceptance and use of donations. 
(Sec. 7) Authorizes appropriations.
Family Self-Sufficiency Act of 2009 - Amends the United States Housing Act of 1937 to revise requirements for the administrative fee payable to public housing agencies to cover the costs of administering family self-sufficiency programs in connection with the housing choice voucher program of the Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Prescribes: (1) a base fee for a public housing agency serving 25 or more program participants equal to the costs of employing one full-time family self-sufficiency coordinator (prorated for an agency serving fewer than 25 such participants); and (2) an additional fee for an agency meeting minimum performance standards to cover the costs of employing a second coordinator if the agency has 75 or more participating families, and a third coordinator if it has 125 or more participating families.

 Permits the Secretary to reserve certain amounts to provide support to or reward family self-sufficiency programs that are particularly innovative or highly successful in achieving program goals.
Expanding Research for Women in Trauma Act of 2003 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to makes grants and enter into contracts for violence against women prevention research initiatives.
Keeping Our Promise to Special Education Act of 2001 - Amends the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) to specify mandatory minimum levels of Federal grant payments to States for assistance for education of all children with disabilities.Requires local educational agencies, if they choose to treat certain IDEA funds as local funds, to use them to provide additional funding for programs under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.
Brownfields Redevelopment Enhancement Act - Amends the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to make grants (without certain otherwise-required loan guarantees) to eligible public entities and Indian tribes to assist in the environmental cleanup and economic development of brownfield sites including mine-scarred lands.

Prohibits: (1) providing or using such grants in a manner that reduces the financial responsibility of any nongovernmental party that is responsible or potentially responsible for contamination on any real property; and (2) the provision of assistance pursuant to this section from in any way relieving any party of liability with respect to such contamination, including liability for removal and remediation costs. Authorizes FY2006-FY2010 appropriations.

Defines "brownfield site" for purposes of this section.

Makes brownfields-related environmental cleanup and economic development activities eligible for community development block grant (CDBG) assistance. Authorizes CDBG use to administer renewal communities.
Stop Outsourcing Security Act - Directs the Secretary of State to ensure that only government personnel provide security services at U.S. diplomatic or consular missions in Iraq or Afghanistan.

Requires the President to report to Congress, by June 1, 2010, on the status of planning for the use, by January 1, 2011, of government and military personnel instead of private contractors for mission critical or emergency essential functions in all conflict zones where Congress has authorized the use of force. Directs any individual or entity under contract with the federal government to provide mission critical or emergency essential functions after such date to allow Congress to examine their accounting practices. Outlines additional requirements relating to renewals of such contracts.

Authorizes specified congressional access to contracts and task orders in excess of $5 million entered into by the Department of Defense (DOD), the Department of State, the Department of the Interior, and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) during the period beginning October 1, 2001, and ending on the last day of the month during which this Act is enacted for work to be performed in Iraq and Afghanistan.

Requires certain reports to Congress regarding contracts for the performance of work in Iraq and Afghanistan.
ALS Registry Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), to: (1) develop a system to collect data on amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS); and (2) establish a national registry for the collection and storage of ALS data.

Requires the Secretary, acting through the Director, to establish the Advisory Committee on the National ALS Registry to study and make recommendations to the Secretary concerning: (1) the development and maintenance of the registry; (2) the type of information to be included; (3) the manner in which data is to be collected; (4) the use and availability of such data; and (5) the collection of information about diseases and disorders that primarily affect motor neurons that are considered essential to furthering the study and cure of ALS.

Allows the Secretary, acting through the Director, to award grants to, and enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with, public or private nonprofit entities for the collection, analysis, and reporting of data on ALS.

Requires the Secretary, acting through the Director, to: (1) identify, build upon, expand, and coordinate among existing data and surveillance systems, surveys, registries, and other federal public health and environmental infrastructure wherever possible; and (2) provide for public access to an electronic national database that accepts data from state registries, health care professionals, and others as recommended by the Advisory Committee in a manner that protects personal privacy.

Requires the Secretary to ensure that epidemiological and other types of information is made available to the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Money Service Business Act of 2009 - Revises certain requirements for anti-money laundering programs with respect to federally insured depository institutions.

Declares that, if such institutions have on file specified mandatory self-certifications submitted by a money transmitting business for which the institutions maintain an account, the institutions have no obligation to review the compliance of the money transmitting business with federal anti-money laundering requirements.

Sets forth civil and criminal penalties for violations of this Act without regard to whether such violations were willful.

Shields an institution from liability for the noncompliance of a money transmitting business with federal anti-money laundering requirements.

Prescribes requirements for a self-certification by a money transmitting business that it is in compliance with federal anti-money laundering requirements.
(Sec. 2) Repeals certain exemptions from child labor prohibitions for agricultural employment.
Applies the same age restrictions to agricultural employment as to other forms of employment. Limits exemptions to agricultural labor outside of school hours, if the individual is employed by his or her parent or legal guardian, on a farm owned or operated by such parent or legal guardian. Raises from 16 to 18 years old the minimum age for engaging in hazardous agricultural employment.
(Sec. 3) Prohibits employment of individuals under age 16 in youth peddling. Excludes from the definition of youth peddling volunteer selling of goods or services on behalf of not-for-profit organizations.
(Sec. 4) Increases civil and criminal penalties for child labor violations.
(Sec. 5) Directs the Secretary of Labor (the Secretary) to determine the circumstances under which goods tainted by oppressive child labor may be allowed to be shipped or delivered for shipment in interstate commerce.
(Sec. 6) Directs the Secretary to establish closer working relationships with non-governmental organizations and with State and local government agencies having responsibility for administering and enforcing labor and safety and health laws. Requires State and local government agencies to submit information regarding injuries and deaths of employees to the Secretary, upon request, for specified use in enforcement and other uses under FLRA. Authorizes the Secretary to reimburse such agencies for such services.
(Sec. 7) Directs the Secretary to: (1) collaborate with the Secretary of Agriculture on regulations to identify agricultural occupations which are particularly hazardous for the employment of children under the age of 18 or detrimental to the health or well-being of such children; and (2) include in such regulations a process by which children may be employed in such occupations as vocational agriculture student-learners if they have successfully completed a Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service training program or a bona fide agricultural education training program.
(Sec. 8) Authorizes appropriations.
Strategic Petroleum Reserve Reform Act This bill amends the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to authorize the Department of Energy (DOE)to lease underutilized Strategic Petroleum Reserve storage facilities to private entities. Currently, DOE may only lease these storage facilities to foreign governments.  DOE must conduct a pilot program to lease underutilized storage facilities. The program must make available capacity for storage of up to 200 million barrels of petroleum products.
Mercury Pollution Reduction Act of 2009 - Declares that the United States should develop policies and programs that will reduce: (1) mercury use and emissions; (2) mercury releases from the reservoir of mercury currently in use or circulation; and (3) exposures to mercury, particularly of women of childbearing age and young children.

Amends the Toxic Substances Control Act to prohibit: (1) the manufacture of chlorine or caustic soda using mercury cells; and (2) the export of any mercury, mercury cells, mercury compounds, and mixtures containing mercury.

Requires the Secretary of Energy to develop a system for the storage of all mercury, mercury cells, mercury compounds, and mixtures containing mercury from a chlor-alkali facility.

Requires the owner or operator of each chlor-alkali facility to report to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator and the state in which the facility is located on mercury waste, emissions, and content in products.

Requires the Administrator to: (1) conduct a comprehensive mercury inventory covering the life and closure of chlor-alkali facilities that cease operations on or after January 1, 2009; and (2) obtain mercury purchase records and such other information from each such facility as are necessary to determine the magnitude and nature of mercury releases from the facility into air and other environmental media.
Fiscal Year 2010 Federal Aviation Administration Extension Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to extend through December 31, 2009: (1) excise taxes on aviation fuels and air transportation of persons and property; and (2) the expenditure authority for the Airport and Airway Trust Fund.

Authorizes appropriations through the three-month period beginning on October 1, 2009, for airport improvement program (AIP) projects, including project grant authority.

Extends through December 31, 2009, various airport development projects, including: (1) the pilot program for passenger facility fees at nonhub airports; (2) small airport grants for airports located in the Marshall Islands, Micronesia, and Palau; (3) state and local airport land use compatibility projects; (4) the authority of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority to apply for an airport development grant and impose a passenger facility fee; (5) the temporary increase to 95% in the government share of certain AIP project costs; and (6) Midway Island airport development.

Extends through FY2010 the authorization of appropriations for agreements the Secretary of Transportation makes for assistance under the small community air service development program.

Extends through December 31, 2009, Department of Transportation (DOT) insurance coverage for domestic and foreign-flag air carriers. Allows further extension through March 31, 2010.

Extends through March 31, 2010, air carrier liability limits for injuries to passengers resulting from acts of terrorism.

Extends through December 31, 2009, certain competitive access assurance requirements for large or medium hub airport sponsors applying for AIP grants.

Extends through FY2010 the termination date of any order issued by the Secretary with respect to the eligibility of certain places for essential air service compensation.

Extends through the three-month period beginning on October 1, 2009, the authorization of appropriations for: (1) Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) operations; (2) air navigation facilities and equipment; and (3) research, engineering, and development.
Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act This bill amends part E (Foster Care and Adoption Assistance) of title IV of the Social Security Act to require the procedures a state must have in effect for the orderly and timely interstate placement of children to include a centralized electronic case processing system. Grants are authorized for development of a centralized electronic system to expedite the interstate placement of children in foster care, guardianship, or adoptive homes. Discretionary funding shall be continued through FY2017 to promote safe and stable families. The Department of Health and Human Services shall reserve $5 million of the amount made available for such grants for FY2017, which reserved amount shall remain available through FY2021.
Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act - Requires the Secretary of the Interior to establish a program to provide financial assistance for projects to promote the conservation of neotropical migratory birds. 
Authorizes project proposals to be submitted by the following entities:   (1) individuals or other private entities; (2) Federal, State, or local government entities or foreign government entities; (3) other entities subject to U.S. or foreign jurisdiction; and (4) international organizations. 
Limits the Federal share of project costs to 33 percent. 
Authorizes the Secretary to convene an advisory group of individuals representing organizations involved in neotropical migratory bird conservation to assist in carrying out this Act. 
Establishes in the Multinational Species Conservation Fund of the Treasury a Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Account. 
Authorizes appropriations to the Account for FY 1999 through 2002 to carry out this Act.
Military Tribunals Act of 2002 - Authorizes the President to establish tribunals for the trial of individuals who: (1) are not U.S. persons or residents; (2) are members of the al Qaeda organization or other terrorist organizations who cooperated with the al Qaeda in planning, authorizing, committing, aiding, or abetting one or more terrorist attacks against the United States; and (3) are not prisoners of war. Directs the Secretary of Defense to prescribe rules of evidence and procedure, incorporating specified requirements, to apply to the tribunals.Authorizes the President to direct the Secretary of Defense to detain individuals subject to such tribunals in accordance with such rules and international law of armed conflict.Provides for judicial review of tribunal decisions and detention determinations.Expresses the sense of Congress that the President should seek the cooperation of U.S. allies and other nations in conducting investigations and prosecutions of such individuals.Requires the President to submit annual reports to Congress on the use of authority under this Act and on each individual subject to or detained for a tribunal.
Campus Fire Safety Right-to-Know Act of 2007 - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require each institution participating in any program under the Act to provide to all current students and employees, and to any applicant for enrollment or employment upon request, an annual fire safety report containing specified information about the campus fire safety practices and standards of that institution.

Requires such institutions to: (1) record all on-campus fires, including the nature, date, time, and general location of each fire and all unwanted and false fire alarms; and (2) open such information to public inspection. Requires the institutions to report on such information annually to the campus community in a manner that will aid the prevention of similar occurrences.

Directs each institution to require the national organizing bodies of the fraternities, sororities, and other student groups they recognize to collect specified fire safety information for each student housing facility they own, control, or occupy and report such information to the Secretary of Education, all current members, and to any interested party upon request.

Requires the Secretary to report to Congress on fire safety systems and standards in institution and student housing facilities, and on exemplary fire safety education and training programs at such institutions.
Upper Mississippi River Basin Protection Act - Title I: Sediment and Nutrient Monitoring Network - (Sec. 101) Requires the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the United States Geological Survey (USGS), to establish a nutrient and sediment monitoring network for the Upper Mississippi River Basin.

(Sec. 102) Directs the Secretary to: (1) establish guidelines for related data collection and storage activities; (2) inventory the sediment and monitoring efforts of governmental and nongovernmental entities for the purpose of creating a baseline understanding of overlap, data gaps, and redundancies; and (3) collaborate with other public and private monitoring efforts in establishing the monitoring program. (Sec. 106) Directs the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a water resources assessment of the Basin. Title II: Computer Modeling and Research - (Sec. 201) Requires the Director of USGS to establish: (1) a computer modeling program of nutrient and sediment sources in the Basin; and (2) an Internet-based system to distribute information about nutrient and sediment loss reduction projects and nutrient and sediment levels in the Upper Mississippi River and its tributaries. (Sec. 203) Requires the Director to provide to Congress and make available to the public: (1) an annual report regarding monitoring activities conducted in the Basin; and (2) a progress report, every three years, regarding modeling activities. Title III: Authorization of Appropriations and Related Matters - (Sec. 301) Authorizes appropriations to USGS, with one third made available for its Cooperative Water Program and the remainder for its Hydrologic Networks and Analysis Program, including sums to allow the Council to perform the required assessment. (Sec. 302) Makes funds available for USGS subject to the same cost-sharing requirements as in the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (which limits the USGS share to 50% of the cost in any topographic mapping or water resources data collection and investigation carried on in cooperation with a state or municipality). (Sec. 303) Terminates the Secretary's authority to carry out this Act 10 years after its enactment.
Arming Pilots Against Terrorism Act - Amends Federal law to direct the Under Secretary of Transportation for Security to establish a program to: (1) deputize qualified volunteer pilots of passenger aircraft as Federal flight deck officers; and (2) provide training, supervision, and equipment for such officers.Directs the Under Secretary to authorize flight deck officers to carry firearms and to use force, including lethal force, when they judge the security of an aircraft is at risk. Shields air carriers from liability for damages in Federal or State court arising out of the actions or omissions of a flight deck officer defending a plane from criminal violence or air piracy. Shields flight deck officers from liability except in cases of gross negligence or willful misconduct.
Keep Families Together Act This bill prohibits an agent or contractor of the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, or the Department of Health and Human Services from removing a child who is under the age of 18 and has no permanent immigration status from his or her parent or legal guardian at or near the port of entry or within 100 miles of the U.S. border unless:   an authorized state court determines that it is in the child's best interests to be removed;  a state or county child welfare official with expertise in child trauma and development determines that it is in the child's best interests to be removed because of abuse or neglect; or the Chief Patrol Agent or the Area Port Director authorizes separation based on a documented finding that the child is a trafficking victim or is at significant risk of becoming a victim, a strong likelihood exists that the adult is not the parent or legal guardian, or the child is in danger of abuse or neglect.   A child may not be removed from a parent or guardian unless an independent licensed child welfare expert authorizes the separation within 48 hours of such removal. An agency may not remove a child from a parent or legal guardian solely for the policy goals of deterring migration to the United States or of promoting immigration law compliance.  The bill sets forth presumptions: (1) in favor of family and sibling unity and parental rights, and (2) that detention is not in the best interests of families and children.   The bill limits the prosecution of asylum seekers.
Authorizes the President to present, on behalf of Congress, a gold medal to Jesse L. Jackson, Sr., in recognition of his outstanding and enduring contributions to the Nation.
Education Improvement Tax Cut Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow: (1) a tax credit up to $5,000 per year (adjusted annually for inflation after 2007) for contributions to a school tuition organization which distributes at least 90 percent of its annual gross income for elementary and secondary school scholarships; and (2) a tax credit up to $5,000 per year (adjusted annually for inflation after 2007) for contributions to a school materials organization which distributes at least 90 percent of its annual gross income to elementary and secondary schools for materials and equipment for instruction and for extracurricular activities.
Retiree Health Benefits Protection Act - Amends the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to add rules governing litigation involving the termination or reduction of retiree health benefits.
Debt Buy-Down Act  This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow individual taxpayers to designate up to 10% of their adjusted income tax liability for the reduction of the public debt.  The bill also establishes in the Treasury a Public Debt Reduction Trust Fund to hold tax revenues generated by this bill for the reduction of the public debt. The bill amends the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to: (1) require spending to be reduced annually by an amount equivalent to the revenue generated by this bill, and (2) enforce the requirement for spending reductions using a sequestration, with exemptions for Social Security retirement benefits, veterans benefits, and net interest payments on the debt.  (Sequestration is a process of automatic, usually across-the-board spending reductions under which budgetary resources are permanently cancelled to enforce specific budget policy goals.) 
Belarus Democracy Reauthorization Act of 2006 - (Sec. 3) Amends the Belarus Democracy Act of 2004 to state that it is U.S. policy to: (1) call for the immediate release of all political prisoners in Belarus; (2) support the aspirations of the people of the Republic of Belarus for democracy, human rights, the rule of law, and to preserve their country's independence; (3) support the growth of democratic movements and institutions in Belarus; (4) refuse to accept the results of the March 2006 presidential elections in Belarus and support new presidential elections; (5) refuse to recognize any referendum that would affect Belarus' sovereignty; and (6) work with other countries and international organizations to promote Belarus' integration into the European community of democracies.

(Sec. 4) Revises the activities which may be supported by assistance under this Act, including support for youth groups, independent trade unions and entrepreneurs, human rights defenders, independent media, democratic political parties, and international exchanges. Extends authorization of appropriations through FY2008 for such purposes.

(Sec. 5) Includes television broadcasting within the scope of increased support and funding for U.S. government and surrogate broadcasting to Belarus. (Currently, such support is limited to radio broadcasting.)

(Sec. 6) Establishes specified economic and U.S. entry sanctions against Belarus until the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the government of Belarus has made progress in meeting specified conditions respecting: (1) release of political and religious prisoners and accounting for the disappearances of opposition leaders and journalists; (2) cessation of political harassment; (3) prosecution of senior government leaders for embezzlement of state assets and administration of fraudulent elections; and (4) holding free presidential and parliamentary elections under independent supervision.

Authorizes the President to deny U.S. entry to any alien who: (1) is in the senior leadership of the government of Belarus; (2) is an immediate family member of such person; or (3) through business dealings with senior government leadership derives significant financial benefit from policies or actions that undermine democratic institutions or impede Belarus' transition to democracy.

 Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) no loan, credit guarantee, insurance, financing, or other similar financial assistance should be extended by any U.S. agency (including the Export-Import Bank and the Overseas Private Investment Corporation) to the government of Belarus, except for humanitarian goods and agricultural or medical products; and (2) no funds available to the Trade and Development Agency should be available for Agency activities in or for Belarus.

 Expresses the sense of Congress that the President should block all property and property interests that on or after the date of the enactment of this Act: (1) are owned in whole or in part by the government of Belarus, or by any member or family member closely linked to senior government leadership, or any person who through business dealings with senior government leadership derives significant financial benefit from policies or actions that undermine or injure democratic institutions or impede Belarus' transition to democracy; and (2) are in the United States, or in the possession or control of the U.S. government or of any U.S. financial institution, including any branch or office located outside the United States.

States that activities prohibited by the blocking of such property interests should include: (1) payments or transfers of property or anything of economic value by any U.S. person to the government of Belarus or to any entity or person acting on its behalf, or to any member of its senior leadership; (2) the export or reexport to any entity owned, controlled, or operated by the government of Belarus of any goods, technology, or services, either by a U.S. person or involving the use of any air carrier or a vessel documented under U.S. law; and (3) the performance by any U.S. person of any contract, including a contract providing a loan or other financing, in support of an industrial, commercial, or public utility operated, controlled, or owned by the government of Belarus.

Exempts from such prohibitions: (1) assistance under sections 4 or 5 of this Act; or (2) medicine, medical equipment, food, or other humanitarian assistance provided to Belarus in response to a humanitarian crisis.

States that such prohibitions shall be not construed to prohibit financial transactions with any private or nongovernmental organization or business in Belarus.

Subjects violators of such asset and property prohibitions to specified penalties under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act.

(Sec. 8) Amends the definition of "senior leadership of the government of Belarus."
Low Income Taxpayer Protection Act of 2001 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to require the promulgation of regulations that: (1) require the registration of income tax return preparers and of refund anticipation loan providers; and (2) prohibit the payment of a refund of tax to a refund anticipation loan provider or an income tax return preparer that is the result of a tax return which is prepared by the refund anticipation loan provider or the income tax return preparer which does not include the refund anticipation loan provider's or the income tax return preparer's registration number.Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to focus electronic filing efforts on benefitting the taxpayer by: (1) reducing the time between receipt of an electronically filed return and remitting a refund; (2) reducing the cost of filing a return electronically; (3) improving services provided by the Internal Revenue Service to low and moderate income taxpayers; and (4) providing tax-related computer software at no or nominal cost to low and moderate income taxpayers.Provides for a pilot program for the creation of four mobile tax return filing offices with electronic filing capabilities.
Riayan Tejeda Memorial Act of 2005 - Authorizes naturalization without regard to specified Immigration and Nationality Act requirements for an alien or noncitizen national of the United States who: (1) served honorably in a combat zone designated in connection with Operation Iraqi Freedom; and (2) if separated from such service, was not separated except under honorable conditions. Prohibits imposition of any Federal or State naturalization fee. Provides for overseas naturalization proceedings.

Retains immediate relative status for the alien wife, child, or parent of a U.S. citizen who died from injury or disease incurred while serving honorably in such combat zone.

States that an application for status adjustment by the alien wife, child, or parent of an alien member of the Armed Forces who was granted service-related posthumous citizenship based upon service in such zone may be adjudicated as if the death had not occurred.

Treats the spouse, child, or parent of a lawful permanent resident who was granted service-related posthumous citizenship based upon service in such zone as a valid petitioner for immediate relative status.

Permits such aliens to apply for adjustment to lawful permanent resident status.

Waives specified grounds of inadmissibility for surviving spouses, children, and parents granted posthumous benefits under this Act.

Authorizes the naturalization of surviving spouses, children, or parents of U.S. citizens who die in Operation Iraqi Freedom and states that no prior residence or specified physical presence in the United States shall be required.

Gives priority to the naturalization applications referenced in this Act.
Congressional Tribute to Constance Baker Motley Act of 2013 - Authorizes the President Pro Tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives to make appropriate arrangements for the posthumous presentation, on behalf of Congress, of a gold medal in commemoration of Constance Baker Motley (civil rights attorney at the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc., first African-American woman elected to the New York State Senate, and Chief Judge on the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York), in recognition of her enduring contributions and service to the United States. 
Veterans Small Business Opportunity Act of 2007 - Amends the Small Business Act to extend certain small business loan time limits with respect to a small business owned and controlled by: (1) a veteran called to active duty on or after September 11, 2001; or (2) a service-disabled veteran who became disabled due to an injury or illness incurred or aggravated during a period of active duty on or after such date. Extends such time limits by the period that the veteran was on active duty.

Directs the Secretary of Defense to conduct a study for promoting positive working relations between employers and their reserve component employees.

Increases: (1) certain Small Business Administration (SBA) loan limits for small business owners who are members of the National Guard or reserves; and (2) SBA funding for the Office of Veterans Business Development.

Directs the President to establish an interagency task force to coordinate federal efforts to increase capital and business development opportunities for, and increase the award of federal contracting and subcontracting opportunities to, small businesses owned and controlled by disabled veterans and other veterans (businesses).

Requires the SBA Administrator and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ensure one-stop online registration for such small businesses.

Authorizes the Secretary to develop business development assistance for such small businesses.
United States-Cuba Trade Act of 2003 - Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (including other specified laws) to repeal the embargo placed upon all trade with Cuba.Amends the Internal Revenue Code to declare the denial of foreign tax credit inapplicable to Cuba (except that such requirement shall apply to countries that have been determined to repeatedly provide support for acts of international terrorism).Permits: (1) installation and maintenance of telecommunications equipment and facilities in Cuba, including telecommunications services between the United States and Cuba; and (2) travel to and from Cuba by U.S. citizens or residents.Requires the U.S. Postal Service to provide direct mail service to and from Cuba.Urges the President to take all necessary steps to conduct negotiations with the Government of Cuba to: (1) settle claims of U.S. nationals against Cuba for the taking of property; and (2) secure protection of internationally recognized human rights.Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) the United States should promote democratic change and economic reform by normalizing trade relations with Cuba; and (2) upon the enactment of this Act, it will no longer be necessary for the United States to continue to use Article XXI of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) 1994 with respect to Cuba, understanding that the President retains full authority to invoke Article XXI and comparable provisions in other Uruguay Round Agreements in the future in all appropriate circumstances.Amends the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to extend nondiscriminatory treatment (normal trade relations) to the products of Cuba.Prohibits the Secretary of the Treasury from limiting the amount of remittances to Cuba that any U.S. person may make. Declares that this prohibition does not prohibit the prosecution or conviction of any person committing a criminal offense relating to the laundering of money or engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from unlawful activities.
Eradication of Slavery in Sudan Act of 2007 - Establishes the United States Commission to Monitor Slavery and its Eradication in Sudan, which shall have as its primary responsibility: (1) reporting on progress made by the government of Sudan and nongovernmental organizations in identifying the location of slaves in Sudan and ensuring their freedom; (2) working with the government of Sudan to ensure safe passage of freed slaves and family reunification; (3) documenting existing cases of slavery and working to prevent new cases from occurring; (4) ensuring that former slaves have access to basic education and skill training, as well as medical, social, and psychological support needed for their rehabilitation and reintegration into society; (5) ensuring that those individuals responsible for slavery are brought to justice; and (6) recommending U.S. government actions in response to the Sudanese government's inaction to eradicate slavery.

Terminates the Commission six years after the initial appointment of all of the members.
Deepwater Port Modernization Act - Amends the Deepwater Port Act of 1974 to revise the term "deepwater port" to include a fixed or floating manmade structure (other than a vessel) that is located beyond the territorial sea and off the U.S. coast which is used as a port or terminal for the transportation of oil from the U.S. Outer Continental Shelf. 
Eliminates:  (1) certain utilization and transfer restrictions on deepwater ports; and (2) a certain antitrust precondition with respect to the licensing of such ports. 
Authorizes the Secretary to exempt a person from certain information requirements with respect to the issuance of a deepwater port license. 
Repeals the restriction on the issuance of a deepwater port license requiring that the Secretary of Transportation first receive opinions from the Attorney General and the Federal Trade Commission as to whether such action would adversely affect competition, restrain trade, promote monopolization, or otherwise contravene the antitrust laws. 
Requires a deepwater port, among other things, to accept, transport, or convey without discrimination all oil delivered to it. 
Directs the Secretary to prescribe and enforce marine protection and navigational safety procedures with respect to a deepwater port through the operations manual of a deepwater port licensee. (Currently, such procedures are enforced by regulation.)
Identity Theft Penalty Enhancement Act of 2002 - Amends the Federal criminal code to establish penalties for aggravated identity theft.Prescribes a sentence of: (1) two years imprisonment for knowingly transferring, possessing, or using, without lawful authority, a means of identification of another person during and in relation to specified felony violations (including felonies relating to theft from employee benefit plans and to various fraud and immigration offenses), in addition to the punishment provided for such felony; and (2) five years imprisonment for knowingly taking such action during and in relation to specified felony violations pertaining to terrorist acts, in addition to the punishment provided for such felony.Bars probation for any person convicted of such violations. Provides for consecutive sentences, subject to specified limitations.Expands the existing identify theft prohibition to: (1) cover possession of a means of identification of another with intent to commit specified unlawful activity; (2) increase penalties for violations; and (3) include acts of domestic terrorism within the scope of a prohibition against facilitating an act of international terrorism.
Endangered Species Data Quality Act of 2004 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to direct the Secretary of the Interior, when required to use the best scientific and commercial data available or the best scientific data available in determining that a species is an endangered or threatened species, to: (1) ensure that such data complies with specified guidelines and includes timely field survey data to the extent such data is available; and (2) give greater weight to scientific and commercial data that is empirical or that has been field-tested or peer-reviewed. Directs the Secretary to promulgate regulations that establish criteria for selecting and using such data. Prohibits the Secretary from determining that a species is endangered or threatened unless the determination is supported by timely field data. Requires the Secretary to include in the rule-making record of such a determination data collected by real property owners or persons holding or applying for contracts, leases, or other permits for real property. Requires the Secretary to publish, with notice of a proposed or final regulation, a description of additional scientific and commercial data that would assist in the preparation of a recovery plan.

(Sec. 3) Directs the Secretary to: (1) solicit recommendations from the National Academy of Sciences and the governors of affected States for qualified individuals to serve as independent reviewers for "covered actions" (defined to include proposed listings, delistings, or reclassifications of endangered or protected species, the development of recovery plans, and jeopardy determinations); and (2) appoint from such list three individuals who shall report to the Secretary on the scientific information and analyses on which a covered action is based.

Requires: (1) the Secretary to transmit to the independent reviewers all available scientific and commercial data in the administrative record with regard to an action; and (2) the reviewers to provide the Secretary with their response within three months of such transmission.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) publish notice of the draft determination regarding data on which a final determination will be based and provide an opportunity for public comment following receipt of the reviewers' response; and (2) include in the final determination a summary of each independent review (and, if reviewers' recommendations are rejected, an explanation for that decision).

(Sec. 4) Requires the Secretary, when consulting with a Federal agency to determine whether agency action will jeopardize an endangered or threatened species or destroy the critical habitat of such species, to: (1) actively solicit and consider information provided by governors of States where the agency action is located; (2) provide governors of States otherwise affected by such action with an opportunity to submit information; and (3) allow any person who has sought agency authorization or funding for an action to participate in related consultations and to make related comments or other information publicly available.
Strengthening Privacy, Oversight, and Transparency Act or the SPOT Act Amends the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 to expand the functions of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board (PCLOB) to include reviews of legislation, regulations, policies, and executive branch actions relating to foreign intelligence. Allows intelligence community employees, contractors, or detailees to submit to the PCLOB a whistleblower complaint or information believed to be related to a privacy or civil liberties concern. Permits the PCLOB to: (1) investigate such complaints, or (2) transmit such complaints to any other executive agency or the congressional intelligence committees. Authorizes the PCLOB to subpoena persons (other than agencies and elements of the executive branch) to produce documentary or testimonial evidence. (Currently, the PCLOB submits a request for the Attorney General to issue a subpoena.)  Permits the PCLOB, at the direction of the majority of its members, to exercise the authority of the PCLOB chairman to appoint and fix compensation of PCLOB staff when the position of chairman is vacant.  Provides for members of the PCLOB to serve in a full-time capacity. Removes exceptions to the requirement that members continue to serve after the expiration of their term of office until a successor has been appointed and qualified. Revises the compensation of the PCLOB chairman, members, and staff. Directs the Attorney General to fully inform the PCLOB about government activities under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (FISA), including by providing to the PCLOB copies of: (1) FISA reports submitted to Congress; and (2) FISA court decisions, orders, and opinions that include significant construction or interpretation of FISA.
Silicone Breast Implant Research and Information Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to:  (1) appoint an official of the Department of Health and Human Services to serve as the NIH coordinator regarding silicone breast implant research; (2) establish either a study section or special emphasis panel for NIH to review extramural silicone breast implant research grant applications to ensure research design and quality, as well as quality intramural research; and (3) conduct or support research to expand the understanding of the health implications of silicone breast implants. 
Directs the Commissioner of Food and Drugs to:  (1) take specified steps to make updated information about the risks of silicone breast implant available to the public, via the toll-free Consumer Information Line and other means; (2) revise the breast implant information update to clarify the procedure for reporting implant problems; (3) require manufacturers to update implant package inserts and informed consent documents regularly with accurate information; and (4) require any manufacturer conducting an adjunct study on implants to take specified measures with respect to informed consent documents, including informing women on how to obtain a Medwatch form and encouraging women who withdraw from the study, or who would like to report a problem, to submit such a form. 
Establishes the President's Interagency Committee on Silicone Breast Implants to ensure strategic management, communication, and oversight of Federal policy formation, research, and activities regarding silicone breast implants. 
Authorizes appropriations.
District of Columbia National Guard Retention and College Access Act - Authorizes the commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard to provide educational assistance to members of the District of Columbia National Guard who have satisfactorily completed their initial active duty service and agree to serve for a period of not less than six years.

Requires such assistance to be used by members for expenses incurred in pursuing their first undergraduate, master's, vocational, or technical degree or certification at an approved institution of higher education.
Sensible Advertising and Family Education Act - Declares it to be an unlawful or deceptive act under the Federal Trade Commission Act to advertise any alcoholic beverage through magazines, newspapers, brochures, promotional displays, radio, television (including cable, paid per view, or subscription), or other electronic means, unless the advertising includes one of specified health warnings. 
Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to maintain toll-free numbers referred to in some of the warnings.
Directs the President to report to Congress with respect to: (1) the overall economic and security relationship between the United States and each major net oil exporting country (including  Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) countries); (2) the effect that coordination among such countries with respect to oil production and pricing has had on the U.S. economy and global energy supplies; (3) information on all assistance programs under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act (including licenses for the export of defense articles and defense services) provided to such countries; and (4) whether or not each country is engaging in oil price fixing to the detriment of the U.S. economy.
Requires the President, pursuant to such report, to reduce, suspend, or terminate such assistance to each country determined by the President to be engaged in oil price fixing to the detriment of the U.S. economy.
Expresses the sense of Congress that the United States should continue to undertake a diplomatic campaign to convince: (1) all major net oil exporting countries that the current oil price levels are unsustainable and will negatively affect global economic growth rates in oil consuming and developing countries; and (2) other major net oil importing countries to join in multilateral efforts to bring about the complete dismantlement of international oil price fixing arrangements. Requires the President to report to Congress with respect to such diplomatic efforts.
Weatherization Enhancement, and Local Energy Efficiency Investment and Accountability Act - Amends the Energy Conservation and Production Act to extend the Weatherization Assistance Program for low-income persons through FY2019. Requires the Secretary of Energy (DOE) to make competitive grants to qualified tax-exempt charitable organizations for energy efficiency retrofit uses that include:  energy efficiency audits, cost-effective retrofit, and related weatherization activities;  energy efficiency materials and supplies;  training and technical assistance;  information to homeowners on proper maintenance and energy savings behaviors;  data collection, measurement, and verification activities to facilitate program monitoring, oversight, evaluation, and reporting; and  management and administration.  Requires contractors carrying out weatherization with funds under the Act to be selected through a competitive bidding process and be accredited as specified by this Act. Requires organizations, in order to receive a grant, to use a crew chief who is certified or accredited as required by this Act. Requires the Secretary, beginning on October 1, 2015, to ensure that: (1) each retrofit for which weatherization assistance is provided meets minimum efficiency and quality of work standards established by the Secretary, (2) at least 10% of the dwelling units are randomly inspected by an accredited third party to ensure compliance with the standards, and (3) the standards meet or exceed the current industry standards for home performance work. Amends the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to extend the program for state energy conservation plans through FY2019.
Border Law Enforcement Relief Act of 2005 - Authorizes the Secretary of Homeland Security to award grants to a tribal, state, or local law enforcement agency located in a county within 100 miles of a U.S. border with Canada or Mexico, or in a county beyond 100 miles that has been certified by the Secretary as a high impact area, to provide assistance in addressing: (1) criminal activity that occurs by virtue of proximity to the border; and (2) the U.S. government's failure to adequately secure its borders. Directs the Comptroller General to report to Congress on the costs incurred by law enforcement agencies in connection with such criminal activity or failure.
Directs the Secretary of Education to allot funds to states for distribution to local educational agencies (LEAs) to recruit, hire, and train 100,000 new classroom paraprofessionals in order to improve educational achievement for children.  Requires that 80% of a state's allotment be allocated to LEAs on the basis of each LEA's proportion of low-income schoolchildren in the state, and that the remainder be allocated on the basis of each LEA's proportion of the overall population of schoolchildren in the state.
Premier Certified Lenders Program Improvement Act of 2003 - Amends the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to direct the Administrator of the Small Business Administration (SBA) to allow a certified development company to withdraw from its loss reserve amounts in excess of one percent of the aggregate outstanding balances of debentures to which such loss reserve relates (with an exception).

Makes loss reserve requirements of lenders under the premier certified lenders (PCL) program inapplicable to PCLs that ensure that the amount of their loss reserve is: (1) not less than $100,000; and (2) sufficient, as determined by an independent auditor, for the PCL to meet its obligations to protect the Federal Government from risk of loss. Designates such PCLs as qualified high loss reserve PCLs. Requires such PCLs to certify quarterly to the SBA Administrator as to the sufficiency of such reserves. Requires: (1) the Administrator to allow the qualified high loss reserve PCL to withdraw funds in excess of the required reserve; (2) PCL recontribution when the reserve does not meet such minimum requirements; and (3) the PCL to meet specified SBA risk management benchmarks when not qualified as a high loss reserve PCL.Establishes in the SBA the Bureau of PCLP Oversight to carry out PCL Program functions designated by the Administrator.Increases the reimbursement required from a PCL to the Administrator for losses sustained by the SBA as a result of PCL default on debentures issued by the PCL and guaranteed by the SBA during any period in which the PCL elects to operate under the alternative loss reserve requirements of this Act to 15 percent of the total principal and interest on such debentures. (Currently, ten percent reimbursement is required when a PCL is operating under normal loss reserve requirements.)Directs the Administrator to contract with either a Federal agency experienced in community development lending and financial regulation or a member of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council to study and prepare a report regarding: (1) the extent to which statutory requirements have caused overcapitalization in the loss reserves maintained by certified PCLs participating in the PCL Program; and (2) alternatives for establishing and maintaining loss reserves sufficient to protect the Federal Government from the risk of loss associated with loans guaranteed under the Program. Requires the report to be transmitted to the congressional small business committees.
Bus Utility and Safety in School Transportation Opportunity and Purchasing Act of 2005 - Directs the Secretary of Education to provide grants, on a competitive basis, to rural local educational agencies (LEAs) to pay the federal share (75%) of costs of purchasing new school buses. Requires the Secretary, in providing such grants, to give priority to rural LEAs that: (1) are transporting students in a bus manufactured before 1977; (2) have a grossly depleted fleet of school buses; or (3) serve a school required by law to provide transportation to students to enable them to transfer to another public school served by the rural LEA.
Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2005, Part VI - Extends, through August 14, 2005, the authorization of appropriations from the Highway Trust Fund (HTF) for: (1) administrative expenses for federal highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, and transit programs; and (2) the Bureau of Transportation Statistics. Prohibits, after August 14, 2005, the obligation of funds for any federal-aid highway program project until enactment of a multiyear law reauthorizing the federal-aid highway program.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to authorize until August 15, 2005, expenditures for obligations under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (TEA-21) from: (1) the HTF; (2) the Mass Transit Account; and (3) the Aquatic Resources Trust Fund.
Business Retained Income During Growth and Expansion Act of 2001 or the BRIDGE Act of 2001 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to permit an eligible small business to elect to pay its tax in four equal installments. Limits the maximum amount of tax which may be paid in installments for any taxable year to whichever of the following is the least: (1) the tax imposed for the taxable year; (2) the amount contributed by the taxpayer into a BRIDGE Account during such year; or (3) the excess of $250,000 over the aggregate amount of tax for which an election was made by the taxpayer for all prior taxable years. Limits the above provisions to taxes imposed for taxable years beginning after enactment and before January 1, 2006.Sets forth provisions: (1) defining an eligible small business; (2) setting dates for installment payments and interest payments; (3) establishing BRIDGE accounts; and (4) providing for a study and report.
Creating Access to Rides Act - Amends part A (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families) (TANF) of title IV of the Social Security Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to states, counties, localties, Indian tribes or tribal organizations, and nonprofit entities to promote improving access to ownership of dependable, affordable automobiles by low-income families.

Authorizes the use of funds in TANF individual development accounts for automobile ownership, maintenance, and insurance.
DTV Delay Act - Amends the Digital Television Transition and Public Safety Act of 2005 to delay the transition of television broadcasting from analog to digital to June 13, 2009. Requires the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to extend for a 116-day period the licenses for recovered spectrum, including the license period and construction requirements associated with those licenses.

Extends to July 31, 2009, the deadline for requesting digital-to-analog converter box coupons. Authorizes the issuance, on request, of one replacement coupon for each coupon that expired without being redeemed.

Declares that this Act does not prevent a station from ending analog broadcasting (and continuing to broadcast exclusively digitally) before June 13, 2009.

 Requires the FCC to permit the use, for authorized public safety radio services, of certain spectrum cleared as a result of a television station ceasing to broadcast analog signals before June 12, 2009, provided the FCC determines that such use does not cause harmful interference to full-power analog or digital television stations.

Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to extend through September 30, 2012 (under current law, September 30, 2011), the authority of the FCC to grant a license or permit under provisions relating to competitive bidding.

Designates the amounts made available by this Act as an emergency requirement and necessary to meet emergency needs under the concurrent resolutions on the budget for FY2008-2009.
Expanding Nutrition's Role in Curricula and Healthcare Act or the ENRICH Act This bill requires the Health Resources and Services Administration to establish a program of three-year competitive grants to accredited medical schools for the development or expansion of an integrated nutrition and physical activity curriculum. The curriculum must: (1) be designed to improve communication and provider preparedness in the prevention, management, and reversal of obesity, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer; and (2) address additional topics regarding individuals in at-risk populations, as practicable, including physical activity and training programs, food insecurity, and malnutrition.
Reciprocal Market Access Act of 2007 - Prohibits the President from agreeing to the reduction or elimination of the existing rate of duty on any product in order to carry out any trade agreement entered into between the United States and a foreign country until the President certifies to Congress that: (1) the United States has obtained the reduction or elimination of tariff and nontariff barriers and policies and practices of such foreign country with respect to U.S. exports of any product that has the same physical characteristics and uses as the product for which the President seeks to modify its rate of duty; and (2) any violation of the trade agreement is immediately enforceable by withdrawal of the modification of the existing duty on such foreign product until the United States Trade Representative (USTR) certifies to Congress that the United States has obtained the reduction or elimination of the tariff or nontariff barrier or policy or practice of such foreign government.
Baseline Reform Act of 1994 - Amends the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act) to revise the definition of baseline to provide for certain inflation adjustments only for the purpose of adjusting discretionary spending limits. 
Requires the President's budget to include:  (1) estimated expenditures and appropriations for the current year; (2) new budget authority in budget outlay comparisons; and (3) a certain comparison of levels of estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations that includes the proposed increase or decrease in spending in percentage terms. 
Amends the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to make conforming changes to the development of the concurrent resolution on the budget. 
Requires the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) to include in reports to budget committees certain current year comparisons and a table on sources of spending growth under current law in total mandatory spending for the budget year and the ensuing four fiscal years. 
Requires the CBO to include in cost estimates of pending legislation a comparison of prior year spending levels to current year levels. 
Requires the CBO to report to the Congress annually on all programs, projects, and activities that fall within the definition of direct spending.
COPS Improvements Act of 2009 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to expand the authority of the Attorney General to make competitive grants under the public safety and community policing grant program (COPS grant program) to states, local and Indian tribal governments, other public and private entities, multi-jurisdictional or regional consortia, and individuals to: (1) train officers hired to perform intelligence, anti-terror, or homeland security duties; (2) hire school resource officers and establish local partnerships to combat crime, gangs, drug activities, and other problems in elementary and secondary schools; (3) establish and implement innovative programs to reduce and prevent illegal drug activities, including the manufacturing, distribution, and use of methamphetamine; (4) hire and rehire civilian forensic analysts and laboratory personnel; (5) establish criminal gang enforcement task forces; and (6) meet emerging law enforcement needs.

Authorizes the use of COPS grants to hire honorably discharged members of the Armed Forces to serve as career law enforcement officers.

Authorizes the Attorney General to make grants for: (1) assigning prosecutors to handle cases from specific geographic areas and to address counter-terrorism problems and violent crime in local communities; and (2) developing new technologies to assist state and local law enforcement agencies in crime prevention and training.

Grants the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services exclusive authority to perform functions and activities under the COPS grant program.

Authorizes the Attorney General to extend grant periods and to renew grants if the grant recipient can demonstrate significant progress in achieving the objectives of the initial grant application.

Directs the Attorney General to provide for a scientific study of the effectiveness of the programs, projects, and activities under the grant program in reducing crime.

Increases and extends the authorization of appropriations for the COPS grant program for FY2009-FY2014.

(Sec. 3) Requires the Inspector General of the Department of Justice (DOJ) to report to Congress on the effect of the COPS grant program on the rate of violent crime, drug offenses, and other crimes, the degree to which state and local government grant recipients contribute funds for law enforcement programs and activities, and any waste, fraud, or abuse within the program. Requires the Inspector General, in making such report, to audit and review a random sampling of state and local law enforcement agencies.
Breast Cancer and Environmental Research Act of 2005 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Director of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences to make grants to public or nonprofit private entities for the development and operation of not more than eight centers to conduct multidisciplinary and multi-institutional research on environmental factors that may be related to the etiology of breast cancer. Requires each such center to: (1) be known as a Breast Cancer and Environmental Research Center of Excellence; (2) establish ongoing collaborations with community organizations; (3) be formed from a consortium of cooperating institutions; (4) be supported under this Act for a period of not more than five years with additional periods allowed after review and recommendation; and (5) use innovative approaches to study unexplored areas of the environment and breast cancer.

Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a Breast Cancer and Environmental Research Panel to make recommendations for and to review grants awarded under this Act.
Establishes the Augusta Canal National Heritage Area in Georgia. 
Requires the Augusta Canal Authority to prepare and submit to the Secretary of the Interior for review and approval a plan for the management of the Area, based on existing Federal, State, and local plans in existence on the date of enactment of this Act.  Directs the Authority to coordinate and combine such plans and present an integrated and cooperative approach for the protection, enhancement, and interpretation of the Area's cultural, natural, scenic, and recreational resources. 
Prohibits the Authority from using any Federal funds to acquire real property or interest in such property.  Declares that nothing in this Act shall be construed to:  (1) authorize Federal agencies to promulgate an occupational, safety, conservation, or environmental regulation for the Area that is more stringent than existing applicable regulations, solely as a result of the establishment of the Area; (2) modify, enlarge, or diminish the authority of Federal, State, and local governments to regulate any use of land as provided for by current law or regulation; or (3) grant powers of zoning or land use to the Authority. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Freedom to Fish Act - Amends the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to prohibit any fishery management plan prepared by a Regional Fishery Management Council or the Secretary of Commerce from establishing areas where recreational fishing is prohibited unless: (1) there is clear indication that such fishing in the area is the cause of a specific conservation problem in the fishery; (2) no alternative conservation measures related to recreational fishing will adequately provide for conservation and management of the fishery; (3) the plan provides criteria to assess whether the prohibition provides fishery conservation benefits and requires plan periodic review; (4) the best available scientific information supports the need to close the area to recreational fishing; and (5) the prohibition is terminated as soon as the condition causing the prohibition no longer exists.

Amends the National Marine Sanctuaries Act to direct the Secretary to provide the appropriate Council with the opportunity to revise draft regulations for fishing within the exclusive economic zone as the Council may deem necessary to implement the proposed designation of a national marine sanctuary. Allows such draft regulations to regulate a fishery within a State if: (1) the governor of the State approves the regulations; or (2) the Secretary determines, after notice and opportunity for a hearing, that the State has taken, or failed to take, any action the results of which will substantially and adversely affect the fulfillment of the purposes of such Act and the goals and objectives of the proposed sanctuary designation.
National Academies of Practice Recognition Act of 2003 - Grants a Federal charter to the National Academies of Practice (a nonprofit corporation organized under the laws of the District of Columbia).
Comprehensive Tuberculosis Elimination Act of 2003 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to prescribe composition requirements for the Advisory Council for the Elimination of Tuberculosis, and direct it to make recommendations on: (1) a national plan to eliminate tuberculosis in the United States; and (2) a plan to guide U.S. involvement in global tuberculosis-control activities, with a focus on high incidence countries and on access to a comprehensive package of tuberculosis control measures.Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services, directly or through grants, to carry out tuberculosis research, demonstration projects, and public information and education programs.Authorizes the Director of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to make awards: (1) to faculty of schools of medicine or osteopathic medicine to support the development of high quality curricula to assist interested individuals in learning the principles and practices of preventing, managing, and controlling tuberculosis; and (2) to support the career development of clinically trained professionals committed to pulmonary infection research.Requires the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases of NIH to work to develop a tuberculosis vaccine.Requires the John E. Fogarty International Center for Advanced Study in the Health Sciences to carry out an international training program regarding tuberculosis.Requires the Secretary to ensure that a portion of funds appropriated to repay the education loans of qualified health professionals, researchers from disadvantaged backgrounds, and pediatric researchers is reserved for contracts with individuals who research tuberculosis.
Emergency Agricultural Response Act of 1998 - Amends the Agricultural Act of 1970 to authorize the use of disaster reserve authority to augment crop insurance benefits for producers affected by multiple year crop losses.  Appropriates funds subject to presidential emergency budget designation. 
(Sec. 3) Amends the Agricultural Market Transition Act to revise marketing assistance loan rates for:  (1) wheat; (2) feed grains (corn); (3) upland cotton; (4) extra long staple cotton; (5) rice; and (6) oilseeds.  Authorizes six-month loan extensions. 
(Sec. 5) Repeals the temporary suspension of the farmer owned reserve program. 
(Sec. 6) Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to build and manage a reserve stock of a loan commodity whenever such commodity's prices fall below 75 percent of its marketing assistance loan rate. 
(Sec. 7) Authorizes the Secretary to transfer specified Department of Agriculture funds to the Farm Service Agency in order to improve local and area Agency services. 
(Sec. 8) Amends the Food Security Act of 1985 to direct the Secretary to carry out a three-year conservation reserve for certain diseased croplands. 
(Sec. 9) Sets forth specified crop insurance rules for disaster- designated counties. 
(Sec. 10) Amends the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to increase FY 1999 budget authority and appropriations for direct loan, loan guarantee, and interest rate reduction programs.
Supporting Our Patriotic Businesses Act of 2005 - Authorizes appropriations for the Small Business Administration's (SBA) Office of Veteran Business Development.

Amends the Veterans Entrepreneurship and Small Business Development Act of 1999 to permanently extend the authority and duties of the SBA's Advisory Committee on Veterans Business Affairs.

Amends the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to exempt service members called to active duty from professional or occupational continuing education requirements while they are called up, or within the 120-day period after active duty release.

Amends the Small Business Act to allow small businesses owned by veterans and service-disabled veterans to extend their SBA program participation time limitations by the length of time of active duty.

 Requires the Secretary of each military department to take measures to counsel Guard and Reserve members about the importance of timely notifying their employers after they receive active duty orders (other than training).
North Bay Water Reuse Program Act of 2006 - Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to offer to enter into cooperative agreements with eligible entities in the North San Pablo Bay watershed located in Marin, Napa, Solano, and Sonoma Counties, California, for the planning, design, and construction of water reclamation and reuse projects.

Directs the Secretary and such an entity to use the design work and environmental evaluations initiated by non-federal entities and the Corps of Engineers in that watershed to the maximum extent practicable.

Requires such an agreement to specify the responsibilities of the Secretary and the entity regarding: (1) cost-share requirements; (2) needs assessment and project planning and design; (3) environmental compliance activity; (4) facilities construction; and (5) construction contract administration.

Requires that any such project consist of two phases, during which the Secretary and an entity shall complete the planning, design, and construction of: (1) the main treatment and main conveyance system; and (2) the sub-regional distribution systems.

Authorizes the Secretary to provide financial and technical assistance to an entity in planning, designing, conducting related pre-construction activities for, and constructing a project. Makes the entity responsible for the annual operation, maintenance, and replacement costs of the project. Requires the entity to develop an operation, maintenance, and replacement plan for the project.
(This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the House on December 6, 2016.  Faster Care for Veterans Act of 2016 (Sec. 2) This bill directs the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to begin an 18-month pilot program in at least three Veterans Integrated Service Networks (VISNs) under which veterans use an Internet website or mobile application to schedule and confirm appointments at VA medical facilities.The program's duration may be extended and the number of VISNs may be increased if the VA determines that the program is reducing the wait times of veterans seeking medical care and ensuring that more available appointment times are filled. The VA shall seek to enter into a contract using competitive procedures with one or more contractors to provide the scheduling capability. The VA's request for proposals shall be open to any contractor that has an existing commercially available, off-the-shelf online patient self-scheduling system that includes the capabilities to:  schedule, modify, and cancel appointments for primary care, specialty care, and mental health; support appointments for the provision of health care regardless of whether such care is provided in person or through telehealth services; view appointment availability in real time; make available, in real time, appointments that were previously filled but later cancelled by other patients; provide prompts or reminders to veterans to schedule follow-up appointments; be used 24 hours per day, 7 days per week; and integrate with the Veterans Health Information Systems and Technology Architecture of the VA.  The VA shall seek to enter into an agreement with an appropriate non-governmental, not-for-profit entity with expertise in health information technology to independently validate and verify that the system used in the program and any other patient self-scheduling appointment system developed or used by the VA includes such capabilities. The bill sets deadlines for the validation and verification of such systems. The Government Accountability Office shall evaluate and report to specified congressional committees on each validation and verification conducted. By December 31, 2017, the VA shall certify to the Committees on Veterans' Affairs that such systems include such capabilities.  If the VA develops or begins using a new patient self-scheduling appointment system that is not covered by such certification, it shall: (1) certify that such new system includes such capabilities by 30 days after it makes the determination to replace the previous system, or (2) replace any such system developed that is in use with a commercially available, off-the-shelf online patient self-scheduling system that includes the specified capabilities.
Government Shutdown Prevention Act - Provides for continuing appropriations (at 100 percent of the rate of operations provided for in FY 1997) in the absence of regular appropriations for FY 1998. 
Requires increases in the rate of operations as necessary to preclude furloughs or reductions-in-force.
Ravi Thackurdeen Safe Students Study Abroad Act This bill amends title IV (Student Assistance) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to modify campus security reporting requirements for an institution of higher education (IHE) that participates in federal student aid programs. Currently, an IHE must annually report data to the Department of Education on certain criminal offenses that occur in the following geographic categories: on campus, on campus in a residential facility, on noncampus property, and on public property. This bill expands the geographic categories of reportable offenses to also include crimes that occur while a student is participating in an approved study abroad program.  Additionally, it requires an IHE to develop and distribute, as part of its annual security report provided to students and employees, a statement that it has adopted and implemented a program to protect students participating in an approved study abroad program from crime and harm.
Preserving Access to Affordable Drugs Act of 2004 - Amends part D (Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act, as amended by the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, to: (1) allow employer contributions on drug costs to count towards the catastrophic limit; and (2) provide for direct subsidies for certain State pharmaceutical assistance programs.

Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to ensure that employer-based plans receive the same subsidization as the Medicare prescription drug plans.

Amends SSA title XIX (Medicaid), as amended by the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, to ensure that States can provide supplemental Medicaid prescription drug coverage to complement the Medicare drug benefit for seniors who are dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid.

Repeals the comparative cost adjustment program under Medicare.

Amends SSA title XVIII part D, as amended by the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, to allow the provision of wrap-around prescription drug coverage through Medigap.
Stop Abuse, Violence, and Exploitation of Elders Act of 2012 or the SAVE Elders Act of 2012 - Amends the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to designate specified funds from the Crime Victims Fund for grants for compensation and assistance to victims of elder abuse.

Defines "elder abuse" under that Act: (1) to mean the abuse, exploitation, or neglect of an individual who is age 65 or older and lawfully present in the United States; and (2) with respect to a state that receives a grant, to include any other conduct that is defined as such under the laws of the state.

Requires the Director of the Office of Victims of Crime to use such funds to make grants to states to support: (1) eligible crime victim assistance programs that provide assistance to victims of elder abuse; and (2) programs that improve the investigation, handling, and prosecution of cases of elder abuse.

Apportions specified percentages of grant amounts among the states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands and requires the amounts remaining after such apportionment to be distributed among the states based on: (1) the population of individuals age 65 or older in a state relative to the population of such individuals in all states, (2) the population of individuals age 65 or older in a state in relation to the population of the state, and (3) the overall rate of crime in a state.
Volunteer Protection Act of 1997 - States that this Act preempts inconsistent State law except when such law provides additional protection from liability relating to volunteers in the performance of services for a nonprofit organization or governmental entity.  Makes this Act inapplicable to any civil action in a State court against a volunteer in which all parties are citizens of the State if such State enacts a statute declaring its election that this Act not apply. Exempts a volunteer of a nonprofit organization or governmental entity from liability for harm caused by an act or omission of the volunteer on behalf of such organization or entity if:  (1) the volunteer was acting within the scope of his or her responsibilities at the time; (2) the volunteer was properly licensed or otherwise authorized for the activities or practice in the State in which the harm occurred; (3) the harm was not caused by willful or criminal misconduct, gross negligence, reckless misconduct, or a conscious, flagrant indifference to the rights or safety of the individual harmed; and (4) the harm was not caused by the volunteer operating a motor vehicle, vessel, aircraft, or other vehicle for which the State requires the operator or owner to possess an operator's license or maintain insurance. Specifies conditions of State laws limiting volunteer liability which shall not be construed as inconsistent with this Act. Prohibits the award of punitive damages against a volunteer unless the claimant establishes by clear and convincing evidence that the harm was proximately caused by an action of such volunteer which constitutes willful or criminal misconduct or a conscious, flagrant indifference to the rights or safety of the individual harmed. Provides that the volunteer liability limitations of this Act shall not apply to any misconduct:  (1) that constitutes a crime of violence, an act of international terrorism, or a hate crime; (2) that involves a sexual offense or a violation of civil rights law; or (3) where the defendant was under the influence of intoxicating alcohol or any drug. Makes each volunteer liable for noneconomic loss only in the amount allocated to such defendant in direct proportion to the percentage of responsibility for the harm for which that defendant is liable. Requires the trier of fact to determine such percentage of responsibility.
Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act - Requires the Secretary of the Interior to establish a program to provide financial assistance for projects outside of the United States to promote the conservation of neotropical migratory birds. 
Authorizes project proposals to be submitted by the following entities: (1) individuals or other private entities; (2) Federal, State, or local government entities or foreign government entities; (3) other entities subject to U.S. or foreign jurisdiction; and (4) international organizations. 
Limits the Federal share of project costs to 33 percent.  Prohibits amounts of financial assistance provided under this Act from being used to acquire any land or interest in land except from a willing seller. 
Authorizes the Secretary to create an advisory group regarding this Act's implementation. 
Establishes in the Multinational Species Conservation Fund of the Treasury a Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Account. 
Authorizes appropriations. 
Prohibits: (1) anything under this Act from placing restrictions on commercial or private use of private property in the United States; and (2) any taking of private land in the United States under this Act.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to establish a limited business credit relating to the use of clean-fuel vehicles by businesses within areas designated as nonattainment areas under the Clean Air Act.
Drinking Water Standards Preservation Act of 2005 - Amends the Safe Drinking Water Act to establish liability standards for a public water system for damages arising from injury (including personal injury, death, or property damage) allegedly caused by delivery of contaminated water containing either regulated or unregulated contaminants. Requires for both regulated and unregulated contaminants that the plaintiff establish that there is substantial scientific evidence that the kind of injury alleged could be caused by such substance in the amounts present and that the substance did, in fact, cause the injury. Requires proof: (1) in the case of regulated contaminants, that the water system violated the regulation, was negligent and that the violation caused the injury; and (2) in the case of unregulated contaminants, that the water system knew or should have known that the substance at that level was likely to cause such injury and that it was feasible to remove the contaminant to a safe level. Directs the court to make determinations regarding proof requirements in a special pretrial proceeding and to give binding effect to any findings of fact, conclusions of law, or determinations of State agencies exercising primary enforcement authority.
Commercial Mortgage Capital Availability Act of 1993 - Sets forth a regulatory scheme under which qualified insured depository institutions meeting prescribed reserve and capital requirements may execute mortgage loan transfers with a recourse arrangement. 
Amends the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to modify the definition of "mortgage related security" to include notes directly secured by a first lien on real estate with commercial structures located upon it (thus bringing such securities within the purview of the Act). 
Directs the Secretary of Labor to exempt commercial mortgage related securities transactions from:  (1) certain restrictions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; and (2) certain taxes imposed under the Internal Revenue Code. 
Mandates that securities relying on the provisions of this Act comply with all Federal securities laws relating to disclosure to investors, registrations, reporting and anti-fraud provisions. 
Requires insured depository institutions to maintain the minimum adequate capital prescribed by regulatory banking agencies when executing mortgage backed securities transactions.
Net Price Calculator Improvement Act - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to establish the minimum requirements for the net price calculator that each institution of higher education (IHE) receiving federal funds under title IV (Student Assistance) of the Act must include on its website. (An IHE's "net price" is the average yearly price actually charged to first-time, full-time undergraduate students receiving student aid at the school after deducting such aid.) Requires the link for the calculator to be clearly labeled and conspicuously posted on an IHE's website. Requires each calculator's results page to include:  the individual net price of attending the IHE (the individual net price is calculated like the net price but takes into account the cost of attendance for, and aid available to, the individual student to the extent practicable); the cost of attending the IHE; the estimated total need- and merit-based grant aid from federal, state, and institutional sources that may be available to the individual student; the percentage of such students enrolled at the school who receive any of that grant aid; and a notice that an estimate of an individual's net price is non-binding and subject to change.  Requires calculators that estimate a user's eligibility for veterans' education benefits or educational benefits for active duty service members to clearly distinguish those benefits from other grant-aid. Requires calculators that do not make such estimates to provide users with notice of, and a link to information concerning, those benefits. Directs IHEs to populate their calculators with data from not earlier than two academic years prior to the most recent academic year. Requires the calculators to: (1) clearly indicate which questions need to be completed for a net price estimate, (2) clearly mark requests for contact information as optional, (3) prohibit personally identifiable information from being sold or made available to third parties, and (4) clearly state that any information a user provides is confidential and that the calculator does not store responses or require personal identifying information. Authorizes the Secretary of Education to develop a universal net price calculator that enables users to answer one set of questions and receive net prices for any IHE that is required to have a net price calculator.
Veterans Outreach Improvement Act of 2005 - Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish, maintain, and modify as necessary procedures for ensuring the effective coordination of outreach activities of the Department of Veterans Affairs between and among the Office of the Secretary, the Office of Public Affairs, the Veterans Health Administration, the Veterans Benefits Administration, and the National Cemetery Administration.

Directs the Secretary to ensure that state and local outreach assistance is provided in locations that: (1) have relatively large concentrations of veterans; or (2) are experiencing growth in veteran populations. Authorizes the Secretary to make grants to state veterans agencies for state and local outreach services.
Stop the Student Loan Interest Rate Hike Act of 2012 - Amends title IV (Student Assistance) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to make the 3.4% interest rate on Direct Stafford loans first disbursed to undergraduate students between July 1, 2011, and July 1, 2012, applicable to Direct Stafford loans first disbursed to undergraduate students between July 1, 2011, and July 1, 2013.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code and title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) of the Social Security Act to require certain shareholders of a subchapter S corporation engaged as a partner in a professional service business to include income or loss attributable to such business in their net earnings from self-employment for employment tax purposes.

Restricts such tax treatment to shareholders whose modified adjusted gross income exceeds a specified amount that varies based on their tax filing status.

Defines a "professional service business" as any trade or business providing services in the fields of health, law, lobbying, engineering, architecture, accounting, actuarial science, performing arts, consulting, athletics, investment advice or management, or brokerage services.
Medicare Durable Medical Equipment Access Act of 2005 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to prohibit the Secretary of Health and Human Services from awarding any contracts under the competitive durable medical equipment items and services acquisition program unless: (1) the quality standards have been implemented; and (2) the Secretary has received advice from the program oversight committee.

Requires the Secretary (who currently is authorized), in carrying out competitive acquisition programs, to exempt: (1) rural areas and areas with low population density within urban areas that are not competitive, unless there is a significant national market through mail order for a particular item or service; and (2) items and services for which the application of competitive acquisition is not likely to result in significant savings. Adds to such exemptions smaller metropolitan statistical areas.

Modifies requirements for the protection of small suppliers in bidding and contracting. Requires the Secretary to permit suppliers classified as small businesses to continue to participate as suppliers at the selected award price so long as they submit bids at less than the fee schedule amount otherwise applicable to the items and they otherwise comply with applicable program requirements.

Provides for appeal rights (currently denied).

Requires the Secretary to exempt from competitive acquisition requirements items and services for which the application of competitive acquisition is not likely to result in significant savings of at least 10%.

Prohibits the Secretary from implementing a program with respect to an item or service unless the Secretary demonstrates a probability of achieving significant savings of at least 10%, compared to the fee schedule in effect on January 1, 2006, by including the item or service in the program.

Prohibits the Secretary from implementing certain requirements for the payment basis for covered items furnished after January 1, 2009, with respect to the application of rates in an area that is not a competitive acquisition area, unless the Secretary has completed and published in the Federal Register a comparability analysis to ensure the application is appropriate. Requires application of the comparability analysis requirement to certain other part B items and services.
Terrorist Admission Prevention Act of 2002 - Establishes a temporary moratorium, with limited waiver authority by the Attorney General, on the issuance of immigrant and nonimmigrant visas (excluding diplomatic visas) to an alien who is a citizen (including multiple citizenship) or national of, or who was born in, one of the following countries: (1) Afghanistan; (2) Algeria; (3) Egypt; (4) Lebanon; (5) Saudi Arabia; (6) Somalia; (7) United Arab Emirates; (8) Yemen; or (9) any country designated as a state sponsor of terrorism.Excludes any such alien from: (1) amnesty entry; or (2) visa waiver program entry.Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to: (1) expand, and make retroactive, terrorist activity-based grounds for deportation; (2) eliminate waiver authority respecting implementation of machine readable passports; and (3) require additional information from registered aliens (and increases the monetary penalty for failure to provide notice of address change).Requires: (1) Federal border officials to inquire as to the country of birth of each person entering the United States; (2) that nonimmigrant entry visas indicate the alien's country of birth; and (3) periodic General Accounting Office reports respecting border security, alien tracking, Federal agency cooperation and reforms, and related matters.
Describes hearing procedures under this Act. Requires an immigration judge who finds that the respondent has been a participant in Nazi persecution to: (1) promptly issue an order declaring the respondent to be ineligible for any Federal public benefit and prohibiting any person from providing such a benefit to the respondent; and (2) transmit a copy of the order to any governmental entity or person known to be so providing such a benefit and to any governmental entity or person known to have received an application for benefits that has not been finally adjudicated.
Authorizes the Attorney General to review any finding or conclusion made, or order issued and to initiate any review within 30 days. Requires any order, finding, or conclusion to be final: (1) 30 days after it is issued if the Attorney General does not initiate such a review; or (2) either upon the issuance of a decision by the Attorney General or 90 days after the order, finding, or conclusion is issued, whichever is earlier, if the Attorney General does initiate a review.
Allows any party aggrieved by a final order issued under this Act to obtain judicial review of the order by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit by filing a petition for such review no later than 30 days after the final order becomes final, or completion of any review by the Attorney General, whichever is later.
Tax Equity for Domestic Partner and Health Plan Beneficiaries Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) extend the exclusion from gross income for employer-provided health care coverage to certain eligible beneficiaries and their dependent children; (2) revise the definition of "dependent" for purposes of the tax deductions for the health insurance costs of self-employed individuals and for contributions to health savings accounts; and (3) extend voluntary employees' beneficiary association sick and accident benefits to eligible beneficiaries and their dependents. Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to issue guidance on reimbursements of medical expenses from flexible spending and health reimbursement arrangements.
Home Energy Affordability Tax Relief Act of 2011 or the HEATR Act of 2011- Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow an individual taxpayer an income-based refundable tax credit for energy costs for the taxpayer's principal residence. Limits such credit to the lesser of 33% of such costs or $500. Terminates such credit on December 31, 2012.
Assuring and Improving Cancer Treatment Education and Cancer Symptom Management Act of 2008 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act, as amended by the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Extension Act of 2007, to provide for Medicare coverage of comprehensive cancer patient treatment education services.

Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to expand, intensify, and coordinate programs for the conduct and support of research with respect to: (1) improving the treatment and management of symptoms and side effects associated with cancer and cancer treatment; and (2) evaluating the role of nursing interventions in the amelioration of such symptoms and side effects.

Requires the NIH Director to make nursing intervention research grants for studying cancer symptom management care and services delivered by registered nurses.

Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to enter into an arrangement under which the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences shall evaluate and report to the Secretary and Congress on the current state of symptom management, patient treatment education, and supportive care given to people with cancer.
Amends title XXI (State Children's Health Insurance) (SCHIP) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to provide additional amounts to eliminate the remainder of SCHIP funding shortfalls for FY2007.

Amends SSA title XIX (Medicaid) to require the use of tamper-resistant prescription pads under the Medicaid program.

Repeals the limited continuous enrollment provision for certain beneficiaries under the Medicare Advantage Program.

Denies payments for hospital or ambulatory surgical center services if in their provision there occurred a type of event which should never occur (events that directly harm patients).
Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to promptly conduct a new survey of levels of wages and wage-related costs for different occupational categories of hospital employees and to use the survey data in computing a certain hospital wage index for discharges occurring on or after October 1, 2001.
Provides that, in applying any wage-related geographic area adjustment to a portion of a payment amount or rate under Medicare, the portion to which the adjustment is applied shall be 75 percent of the portion otherwise computed, and 25 percent of such portion shall not be subject to any such geographic area adjustment. Applies such provision to geographic adjustments made under specified Medicare provisions, including those with regard to home health and clinical laboratory services.
Amends part C (Medicare+Choice) of title XVIII to permanently remove application of the budget neutrality factor under the Medicare+Choice program beginning in 2002.
Allows a Medicare+Choice organization to elect to apply an area-specific percentage of 50 percent and a national percentage of 50 percent for 2002 rather than the rate currently applicable for that year in determining the blended capitation rate used in determining the calculation of annual Medicare+Choice capitation rates.
Amends SSA title XVIII to require the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission to review the extent to which the adjustments made in payment rates on a geographical basis for variations in costs accurately reflect the actual costs of items and services in low reimbursement areas and the impact of such adjustments on the health infrastructure in such areas.
Repeatedly Flooded Communities Preparation Act (Sec. 2) This bill amends the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 to require a community that participates in the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) and has been repeatedly flooded&nbsp;to: (1) assess the continuing risks to community areas repeatedly damaged by floods; and (2) develop and implement&nbsp;a publicly available, community-specific plan for mitigating continuing flood risks to such areas. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) must, upon request, provide&nbsp;a community with data to assist in preparation of the required plan. In making decisions with respect to awarding mitigation grants under the Act, FEMA may consider the extent to which a community&nbsp;has complied with these requirements and is working to remedy problems with repeatedly flooded areas. A community that does not comply with these requirements shall be subject to sanctions. (Sec. 3) FEMA's implementation of monthly premium payment schedules is exempted from rulemaking. FEMA may implement this schedule as a pilot program.
Chesapeake Bay Watershed Forestry Program Act of 2002 - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture, through the Forest Service, to establish a Chesapeake Bay watershed forestry program of grants and technical assistance for: (1) forest conservation in urban, suburban, and rural areas; (2) National Forest System management; (3) research, education, and planning activities; and (4) achievement of Chesapeake Bay Agreement goals.Sets forth grantee and project eligibility criteria.Authorizes a Bay State (Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia) to use funds to hire a State watershed forester to carry out watershed projects.Directs the Secretary to establish for the Chesapeake Bay watershed a: (1) forestry research program; and (2) a forestry research strategy.
Corporate Patriot Enforcement Act of 2002 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code by determining that acquiring corporations in"corporate expatriation transactions" shall be considered domestic corporations. Defines a "corporate expatriation transaction" as, with certain exceptions, one in which a "nominally foreign corporation" acquires substantially all of the properties held by a domestic corporation and in which, immediately after the transaction, more than 80 percent of the stock of the acquiring corporation is held by former shareholders of the domestic corporation. Lowers the 80 percent threshold to 50 percent when the acquiring "nominally foreign corporation" lacks substantial business activities in the foreign country in which it was created and organized compared to the total activities of the "expanded affiliated group" and the stock is publicly traded, with the principal market of trading being the United States. Defines the terms "nominally foreign corporation" and "expanded affiliated group."Applies similar rules to partnership transactions.Establishes that a series of related transactions relevant to the Act shall be handled as a single transaction.
Department of State Review Act - Requires establishment of a nonpartisan independent Department of State Review Panel, which shall report to Congress on its review of the following matters concerning Department of State organization and operations: (1) current Department structures and possible reorganization; (2) changes to ensure effective diplomacy and implementation of U.S. foreign policy; (3) challenges through the year 2020 and beyond; (4) efficient handling of future risks; (5) planning assumptions; (6) positioning necessary for negotiation and conflict deterrence; (7) information infrastructure and technology; (8) the process of developing scenarios; and (9) future personnel policies.
Backcountry Landing Strip Access Act - Prohibits the Secretaries of the Interior or Agriculture from taking any action that would permanently close, restrict, or render or declare unserviceable any aircraft landing strip located on land under their jurisdiction unless: (1) the head of the aviation department of the state in which the landing strip is located approves the action; (2) the Secretary publishes notice of the proposed action and allows for a 90-day public comment thereafter; and (3) the Secretary and appropriate state aviation department head have taken into consideration any comments received.

Requires the Secretaries to: (1) adopt a nationwide policy for governing backcountry aviation issues relating to the management of federal land under their jurisdiction; and (2) require regional managers to adhere to such policy.
Rail Safety Act of 1996 - Directs the Secretary of Transportation to promulgate regulations concerning limitations on the duty hours of train employees that are no less stringent than similar duty hour requirements under specified existing Federal transportation law, which are hereby repealed. 
Directs the Secretary to study:  (1) the feasibility of requiring satellite-based train control systems to provide positive train control for railroad systems in the United States by January 1, 2001; and (2) the technical, structural, and economic feasibility of automatic train escape devices.  Directs the Secretary, to the extent feasibility is determined, to promulgate regulations requiring installation of such control systems and train escape devices by specified dates. 
Directs the Secretary to establish, by regulation, minimum safety standards for fuel tanks of locomotives of rail passenger trains that take into consideration environmental protection and public safety. 
Directs the Secretary to determine, and report to the appropriate congressional committees, whether to promulgate regulations for public safety purposes to:  (1) require crash posts at the corners of rail passenger cars; (2) require safety locomotives on rail passenger trains; (3) establish minimum crash-worthiness standards for passenger cab cars; or (4) carry out any combination of the above. 
Directs the Secretary to:  (1) study whether to promulgate regulations requiring placement of rail signals along railways in specified positions; and (2) promulgate such regulations if the requirement is determined necessary.  Requires a report to the Congress if such placement is determined unnecessary.
Title I: Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Amendments Act of 2004 - Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Amendments Act of 2004 - (Sec. 102) Amends the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Act of 1998 to remove the President's authority to disestablish the Interagency Task Force on Harmful Algal Blooms and Hypoxia. Requires the Task Force, in developing its assessments, reports, and plans, to consult with the coastal States, Indian tribes, local governments, appropriate industries, academic institutions, and nongovernmental organizations with expertise in coastal zone science and management.

(Sec. 103) Directs the President, in consultation with the chief executive officers of the States and other specified entities, to develop and submit to Congress a report that describes and evaluates the effectiveness of measures that may be utilized to protect the environment and public health from the impacts of harmful algal blooms. Requires a period of public comment prior to submission of the report.

(Sec. 104) Requires the Secretary of Commerce (Secretary) to provide for local and regional scientific assessments of hypoxia and harmful algal blooms, as requested by States, Indian tribes, and local governments, or for affected areas as identified by the Secretary.

Directs the Task Force to complete and submit to Congress scientific assessments of: (1) current knowledge about harmful algal blooms in freshwater, including a research plan for coordinating Federal efforts to better understand freshwater algal blooms; (2) hypoxia in U.S. coastal waters including the Great Lakes; and (3) harmful algal blooms in U.S. coastal waters.

Requires the Task Force to develop and submit to Congress a plan providing for a comprehensive and coordinated national research program to develop and demonstrate prevention, control, and mitigation methods to reduce the impacts of harmful algal blooms on coastal ecosystems (including the Great Lakes), public health, and the economy.

(Sec. 105) Authorizes appropriations.

Title II: Miscellaneous - (Sec. 201) Authorizes the Secretary to make available to the University of Miami, by easement, lease, license, or long-term agreement, real property under the administrative jurisdiction of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) on Virginia Key, Florida, for development by the University of a Marine Life Science Center.

Authorizes the use of such property by the University for the development and operation of facilities for multidisciplinary environmental and fisheries research, assessment, management, and educational activities, subject to agreement with the Secretary.

Authorizes the Secretary to enter into an agreement to occupy facilities constructed by the University on such property and to participate with the University in collaborative research at, or administered through, such facilities.

(Sec. 202) Authorizes the Secretary to convey to the Government of Mexico, without consideration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the NOAA vessel WHITING: (1) for use as a hydrographic survey platform in support of activities of the U.S.-Mexico Charting Advisors Committee; and (2) to enhance coordination between the United States and Mexico regarding hydrographic surveying and nautical charting activities in the border waters of both countries in the Gulf of Mexico and the Pacific Ocean.
Notch Fairness Act of 2005 - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) of the Social Security Act with respect to the benefit computation formula for individuals affected by the changes in benefit computation rules enacted in the Social Security Amendments of 1977 who reached age 65 after 1979 and before 1989.

Sets forth a schedule of additional benefit increases for such beneficiaries (and related beneficiaries), with percentages declining from 55 percent to five percent keyed to the year an individual became eligible for such benefits between 1979 and 1989.

Provides for an election to receive such payments in a lump sum.
Neighborhood Infrastructure Improvement and Inner City Job Creation Act - Directs the Secretary of Labor to make grants to eligible administrative entities for programs to provide employment opportunities to unemployed individuals through payments for labor and related costs associated with repair and renovation of essential community facilities. 
Gives grant priority to administratve entities that assure giving priority to low-skilled workers as program participants.  Requires that eligible participants have been unemployed for at least 15 weeks and have sought employment during that period.  Makes secondary school-age individuals (16 to 20 years old) eligible only if they have not attended a secondary school at any time during the previous six months.  Gives priority to individuals who have exhausted or are not eligible for unemployment insurance benefits, particularly those who have been unemployed for the longest periods. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Accelerating Individuals into the Workforce Act (Sec. 2) This bill amends title IV&nbsp;(Temporary Assistance for Needy Families) (TANF) of the Social Security Act to require the Administration for Children &amp; Families (ACF) to make grants to states for demonstration projects that provide wage subsidies to enable low-income individuals to enter and retain employment. At least one&nbsp;of these&nbsp;demonstration projects shall fund programs that offer apprenticeships registered under the National Apprenticeship Act. States may use grant funds to subsidize an individual's wages for up to 12 months. The subsidy may be up to 50% of an individual's wages. Individuals are eligible for subsidized wages if they: (1) are recipients of TANF or similar state assistance or a noncustodial parent of a child receiving such assistance, (2) are unemployed when the subsidy begins, and (3) have an income below 200% of the poverty line. States must ensure that participants in subsidized job programs do not displace current workers.The ACF must reserve funding to carry out the bill from amounts in the Contingency Fund for State Welfare Programs.
Child Safety Lock Act of 1999 - Amends the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to define (firearm) "locking device." 
Makes it unlawful for a licensed manufacturer, importer, or dealer to sell, deliver, or transfer a handgun without a locking device to any person other than a licensed manufacturer, importer, or dealer, with exceptions for law enforcement and governmental entities. 
Specifies that nothing in this Act shall be construed to create a cause of action against any firearms dealer or any other person for civil liability, or establish any standard of care. 
Makes evidence regarding compliance or noncompliance with this Act inadmissible in a proceeding of any court, agency, board, or other entity, except with respect to an action to enforce this Act. 
Sets forth civil penalties (in addition to any administrative penalties) for related violations, including suspension or loss of license.
Leveraging and Energizing America's Apprenticeship Programs Act or the LEAP Act Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow employers a business-related tax credit of $1,500 for hiring&nbsp;an apprentice who has not attained age 25&nbsp;at the close of the taxable year or $1,000 for an apprentice who has attained age 25. Allows such credit for no more than&nbsp;two taxable years with respect to any apprentice. Defines "apprentice" as an employee who is employed in an officially-recognized apprenticeable occupation pursuant to an apprentice agreement registered with the Office of Apprenticeship of the Employment and Training Administration of the Department of Labor or a recognized state apprenticeship agency. 
Major Regulation Cost Review Act of 2004 - Amends Federal civil service law to require each Federal agency to publish in the Federal Register a plan, which may be amended at any time by publishing a revision, for the periodic review of all the major rules issued by the agency. Requires that the plan provide for review within five years after publication as a final rule, with a five year extension permitted.

Directs the agency, in reviewing major rules, to consider: (1) the continued need for the rule; (2) the nature of complaints or comments received from the public concerning the rule; (3) the complexity of the rule; (4) the extent to which the rule overlaps, duplicates, or conflicts with other Federal rules, and with State and local governmental rules; and (5) the length of time since the rule has been evaluated or the degree to which technology, economic conditions, or other factors have changed in the area affected by the rule.

Requires that: (1) the review include a cost-benefit analysis of the rule, including an identification and consideration of a range of less costly regulatory alternatives; and (2) each year each agency publish a list of the major rules which are to be reviewed and which are to be included in the accounting statement and associated report submitted to Congress by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.

Makes conforming changes to the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act, 2001.
Specifies that a violation of such provisions does not require proof that: (1) the person engaging in the conduct had knowledge or should have had knowledge that the victim of the underlying offense was pregnant; or (2) the defendant intended to cause the death of, or bodily injury to, the unborn child. Directs that if the person engaging in the conduct thereby intentionally kills or attempts to kill the unborn child, that person shall be punished as provided under the Federal criminal code for intentionally killing or attempting to kill a human being.
Bars prosecution under this Act: (1) for conduct relating to an abortion for which the consent of the pregnant woman has been obtained or for which such consent is implied by law in a medical emergency; (2) for conduct relating to any medical treatment of the pregnant woman or her unborn child; or (3) of any woman with respect to her unborn child.
Provides that, in calculating the national audience reach limitations, UHF stations shall be attributed with no more than 50 percent of the TV households in their market.
Amends the Telecommunications Act of 1996 to direct the FCC to modify its rules for multiple ownership of TV broadcast stations to increase to 45 (currently 35) percent the national audience reach limitations for TV stations owned by the same entity or person.
Revises provisions prohibiting the granting of radio station licenses to aliens or foreign entities to allow the granting of such a license to the same manner and extent to which such alien's or entity's country allows the granting of such a license to a U.S. person or entity.
Pay Our Bills Act  This bill permits the President to increase the statutory debt limit unless two-thirds of Congress votes to disapprove the increase.  If the President certifies to Congress that the debt is within $100 billion of the limit and a specified amount of further borrowing is necessary to meet existing commitments, the Department of the Treasury may borrow the specified amount unless a joint resolution of disapproval is enacted within 15 days after Congress receives the certification.  The debt limit is suspended from the date the President submits the certification to Congress until the earlier of: (1) 15 days after Congress receives the certification, or (2) enactment of a joint resolution of disapproval. After the suspension period ends, the limit is increased to accommodate obligations issued during the suspension period.  Congress must consider a joint resolution of disapproval using expedited legislative procedures specified in the bill. If the resolution is approved by Congress, the President may veto the resolution. If Congress votes to override the veto with a two-thirds vote of each chamber, the debt limit may not be increased, except as required during the suspension period. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  Legislative Reform 
     Title II:  Federal Intergovernmental Relations 
Fiscal Accountability and Intergovernmental Reform Act (FAIR Act) - 
Title I:  Legislative Reform
 - Provides that, with certain exceptions, whenever a committee of either House reports a bill or resolution of a public character to its House mandating unfunded requirements upon State or local governments or the private sector, the report accompanying that bill or resolution shall analyze the effect of the new requirements on:  (1) State and local government expenditures necessary to comply with Federal mandates; (2) private businesses; and (3) economic growth and competitiveness. 
Title II:  Federal Intergovernmental Relations
 - Requires, to the fullest extent practicable, that:  (1) the policies, regulations, and public laws of the United States be interpreted and administered in accordance with this Act; (2) all Federal agencies, consistent with attainment of the requirements of Federal law, minimize the adverse effects of rules affecting the economy; and (3) Federal agencies take certain actions in promulgating new rules, reviewing existing rules, developing legislative proposals, or initiating any other major Federal action affecting the economy whenever an agency identifies two or more alternatives which will satisfy the agency's statutory obligations. 
Provides that, whenever an agency publishes a general notice of proposed rulemaking, promulgates a final rule, or before initiating or implementing any other major Federal action affecting the economy, the agency shall prepare and make available for public comment an Intergovernmental and Economic Impact Assessment.  Specifies the contents of such an assessment.
Federal Land Asset Inventory Reform Act of 2015   Directs the Department of the Interior to develop and maintain a current, accurate multipurpose cadastre of federal real property (an inventory of real property of the federal government) to assist with federal land management activities, including resource development and conservation, agricultural use, active forest management, environmental protection, and use of real property. Authorizes Interior to enter into cost-sharing agreements with states to include any nonfederal land in a state in such cadastre. Limits the federal share of any such agreement to 50% of the total cost to a state for the development of the cadastre of the nonfederal land in the state.  Requires Interior to submit a report, covering all cadastres and inventories authorized, operated, or maintained by all executive agencies, on: (1) existing real property inventories or any components of any cadastre, (2) consolidation of inventories and components, (3) the use of existing inventories and components of any cadastre, (4) cost savings that will be achieved, and (5) recommendations for legislation.   Requires Interior to: (1) make the cadastre required under this Act available on the Internet in a graphically geoenabled and searchable format; (2) ensure that the inventory required under this Act includes the identification of all lands and parcels suitable for disposal by resource management plans conducted under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976; and (3) prevent the disclosure of the identity of any one or more parcels of land, buildings or facilities on the parcels or information related to those parcels, if this would impair or jeopardize national security or homeland defense.
Expanding Nutrition's Role in Curricula and Healthcare Act or the ENRICH Act - Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish a program of three-year competitive grants to accredited medical schools for the development or expansion of an integrated nutrition curriculum. Describes such a curriculum as one that: (1) is based on best possible evidence to improve communication and provider preparedness in the prevention, management, and, as possible, reversal of obesity, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer; and (2) addresses such topics as nutrition across the life cycle of members of at-risk populations and food insecurity and malnutrition among such individuals.
Idaho Panhandle National Forest Improvement Act of 2004 - Authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to convey certain National Forest System parcels in Idaho and use the proceeds for acquisition, construction, or rehabilitation of: (1) a new ranger station in the Silver Valley portion of the Idaho Panhandle National Forest; or (2) other facilities in such Forest, to the extent that funds exceed amounts necessary for the ranger station.

Authorizes appropriations.
Welfare to Work Health Care Act of 2003 - Amends title XIX (Medicaid) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to revise the program commonly referred to as the transitional medical assistance (TMA) program. Authorizes States to: (1) extend the eligibility for TMA of low-income individuals for up to 12 additional months; and (2) allow another six months of eligibility, in certain circumstances, in the case of a family eligible for or receiving Medicaid for less than three of the previous six months. Repeals the sunset date for TMA (thus making the program permanent).
Enron Employee Pension Recovery Act of 2002 - Sets forth a priority allocation scheme requiring the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to distribute to former Enron, subsidiary, or affiliate employees the proceeds from any administrative or judicial order brought for securities violations against the Enron Corporation or Arthur Andersen L.L.C., or any of their subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, or principal shareholders for an accounting or disgorgement of funds (including any civil penalty assessments).Amends the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to authorize the transfer of Federal campaign contributions to such disgorgement fund.Authorizes the SEC to accept donations to the United States for such fund.
Fracturing Regulations are Effective in State Hands Act - Grants any state sole authority to promulgate or enforce any regulation, guidance, or permit requirement regarding the treatment of a well by the application of fluids under pressure to which propping agents may be added for the expressly designed purpose of initiating or propagating fractures in a target geologic formation in order to enhance production of oil, gas, or geothermal production activities on or under land within the boundaries of that state.  Subjects such a well treatment on federal land to state law as well. 
Art and Collectibles Capital Gains Tax Treatment Parity Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide art and collectibles with capital gain rates similar to other assets held long-term. (Currently art and collectibles have a 28 percent capital gain rate.)Establishes a (limited) fair market value deduction for qualifying literary, musical, or artistic charitable contributions created and donated by the taxpayer. (Currently such deduction is limited to the taxpayer's costs in creating the work.)
Protecting Veterans Credit Act of 2016 This bill amends the Fair Credit Reporting Act to exclude from a consumer report: (1) for one year, information related to a veteran's medical debt resulting from hospital or medical services provided in a non-Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) facility; and (2) information related to a fully paid or settled medical debt that had been characterized as delinquent, charged off, or in collection.   A veteran may submit a notice along with proof of VA liability for such debt to a consumer reporting agency or a reseller to dispute the debt's inclusion in a consumer report. The consumer reporting agency shall, within 30 days, delete such information from the consumer's file and notify the furnisher and the veteran.  The Consumer Credit Protection Act is amended to provide a mechanism for veterans to dispute the inclusion of program debt already on a credit report. A consumer reporting agency shall, within 30 days after receiving notice of such dispute, delete such information from the veteran's file and notify the furnisher and the veteran.   Within five days after the initial communication with a veteran, a debt collector shall, unless the appropriate information is contained in the initial communication or the veteran has paid the debt, send the veteran a written notice containing specified debt-related information, including information concerning the debt amount, creditors, the insurance company involved, and the hospital or medical care provider. If a veteran notifies the debt collector within such one-year period that the program debt is disputed or that the veteran requests the name and address of the original creditor, the debt collector shall cease collection until debt verification or the name and address of the original creditor is obtained.
Girl Scouts USA Centennial Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue up to 350,000 $1 coins in commemoration of the centennial of the founding of the Girl Scouts of the USA.

Requires the coin design to be emblematic of the 100 years of the organization.

Restricts issuance of such coins to calendar year 2011.

Subjects coin sales to a surcharge of $10 per coin.

Requires payment of such surcharges to the Girl Scouts of the United States of America for Girl Scout program development and delivery.
Agricultural Export Facilitation Act of 2009 - Amends the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 to require the Secretary of the Treasury to authorize under a specific or general license certain travel-related transactions for travel to, from, or within Cuba in connection with: (1) commercial export sales and transportation of agricultural commodities, medicine, and medical devices; and (2) sales and marketing activities of such articles.

Authorizes a consular official to issue a temporary tourist/business visa to a Cuban national (who is not otherwise inadmissible) whose itinerary documents an intent to conduct activities, including phytosanitary inspections, related to purchasing U.S. agricultural goods under the provisions of the Act.

Amends the Act to define "payment in cash in advance" as the payment by the purchaser of an agricultural commodity or product and the receipt of payment by the seller prior to the transfer of title and release of control of the commodity or product to the purchaser.

Prohibits the President from restricting direct transfers from a Cuban financial institution to a U.S. financial institution executed in payment for a product authorized for sale under the Act.
Marketplace Fairness Act of 2013 - (Sec. 2) Authorizes each member state under the Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement (the multi-state agreement for the administration and collection of sales and use taxes, adopted on November 12, 2002) to require all sellers not qualifying for the small-seller exception (applicable to remote sellers with annual gross receipts in total U.S. remote sales not exceeding $1 million in the preceding calendar year) to collect and remit sales and use taxes for remote sales under the provisions of the Agreement, but only if such Agreement complies with the minimum simplification requirements relating to the administration of such taxes, audits, and streamlined filing set forth by this Act. Authorizes any such state to exercise its authority under this Act beginning 180 days after publication of its intent to exercise such authority, but not earlier than the first day of the calendar quarter that is at least 180 days after the enactment of this Act.  Allows a state that does not participate in the Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement (non-member state) to collect and remit sales taxes if such state adopts and implements the minimum simplification requirements of this Act. Provides that such taxing authority shall commence no sooner than six months after such state:    enacts legislation to specify the tax or taxes to which the simplification requirements apply;   specifies the products and services otherwise subject to such taxes that would be exempt;   implements minimum simplification requirements, including providing a single entity within the state responsible for all state and local sales and use tax administration, a single audit and tax return for all state and local jurisdictions, and a uniform sales and use tax base for all state and local taxing jurisdictions;  adopts a uniform rule for sourcing all remote sales;  provides information indicating the taxability of products and services and exemptions from tax;  provides free software for remote sellers that calculates sales and use taxes, files tax returns, and updates tax rate changes; exempts remote sellers and certified software providers from liability for incorrect collection, remittance, or noncollection of sales and use taxes; and  provides remote sellers and certified software providers with 90 days' notice of tax rate changes.  (Sec. 3) Declares that nothing in this Act shall be construed to:    subject a seller or any other person to franchise, income, occupation, or any other type of taxes, other than sales taxes, affect the application of such taxes, or enlarge or reduce state authority to impose such taxes;  create any nexus or alter the standards for determining nexus between a person and a state or locality;   deny the ability of a remote seller to deploy and utilize a certified software provider of the seller's choice;   permit or prohibit a state from licensing or regulating any person, requiring any person to qualify to transact intrastate business, subjecting any person to state or local taxes not related to the sale of products or services, or exercising authority over matters of interstate commerce;   encourage a state to impose sales and use taxes on any products or services not subject to taxation prior to the enactment of this Act; and   alter or preempt the Mobile Telecommunications Sourcing Act.   (Sec. 4) Sets forth definitions used in this Act, including defining &quot;remote sale&quot; to mean the sale of goods or services into a state in which the seller would not legally be required to pay, collect, or remit state or local sales and use taxes unless provided by this Act. Sets forth rules for determining the source of a remote sale (i.e., the location where the product or service sold is received by the purchaser). (Sec. 6) Declares that nothing in this Act shall be construed to preempt or limit any power exercised or to be exercised by a state or local jurisdiction or under federal law. 
Small Business Payroll Protection Act of 2007 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to require the Secretary of the Treasury to establish a registration system for payroll tax deposit agents (defined as any person that provides payroll processing or tax filing and deposit service to one or more employers). Requires such agents to: (1) submit a bond or to submit to quarterly third-party certifications; (2) make certain disclosures to their clients concerning liability for payment of employment taxes; and (3) pay penalties for failing to collect or pay over employment taxes or for attempting to evade or defeat payment of such taxes.

Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to: (1) issue a notice of confirmation of any address change for an employer making employment tax payments; and (2) send such notice to both the employer's former and new address.
Democratizing Access to Capital Act of 2011 - Amends the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt from its prohibitions against use of interstate commerce and the mails for sale (or delivery after sale) of unregistered securities, including unregistered security-based swaps, any transactions involving the issuance of securities through a crowdfunding intermediary, whether or not the transaction involves a public offering, for which: (1) the aggregate annual amount raised through the issue of the securities during any 12-month period by an incorporated entity formed under state law is $1 million or less, and (2) individual investments in the securities are limited to a maximum aggregate annual amount of $1,000.

(Crowdfunding is a method of capital formation where groups of people pool money, typically composed of very small individual contributions, and often via internet platforms, to invest in a company or otherwise support an effort by others to accomplish a specific goal.)

Sets forth criteria for the crowdfunding exemption.

Amends the Securities Act of 1934 to exclude: (1) persons holding crowdfunded securities under this Act from application of the 500-to-750 shareholder "held of record" criterion for a class of equity security subject to mandatory registration, and (2) crowdfunding intermediaries from regulation under such Act as "brokers" or "dealers."

Amends the Securities Act of 1933 to preempt state law with respect to regulation of crowdfunded securities. Subjects crowdfunding intermediaries, however, to state authority to investigate and bring enforcement actions with respect to fraud, deceit, or unlawful conduct in connection with securities or securities transactions.

Limits authority to impose fees on crowdfunded securities to: (1) the securities commission of the issuer's state of organization, or (2) any state in which purchasers of 50% or greater of the aggregate amount of the issue are residents.
Federal Financial Assistance Management Improvement Act of 1998 - Directs the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with Federal agency heads, to coordinate and assist Federal agencies in establishing:  (1) a uniform Federal financial assistance application or set of such uniform applications; (2) ways to streamline Federal financial assistance administrative procedures and reporting requirements for grantees; (3) a uniform Federal financial assistance system; (4) an electronic application and reporting process; (5) use of common rules; (6) improved interagency and intergovernmental coordination of information collection and sharing of data, including the development of a release form to be used by grantees; (7) a process to strengthen the information resources management capacity of State and local governments and qualified organizations; and (8) specific annual goals and objectives to further the purposes of this Act.  Permits the Director to designate a lead agency to assist him or her and use interagency working groups to assist in carrying out such responsibilities. 
Requires the Director to:  (1) review agency plans and reports developed under this Act for adequacy; (2) monitor each agency's annual performance toward achieving the goals and objectives stated in the agency's plan; (3) ensure that each agency plan does not diminish standards to measure performance and accountability of financial assistance programs; and (4) report to the Congress on implementation of this Act. 
Exempts any Federal agency from the requirements of this Act if the Director determines that the agency does not have a significant number of Federal financial assistance programs.  Requires the Director, not later than November 1 of each fiscal year, to submit to the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs and the House Committee on Government Reform and Oversight:  (1) a list of each agency exempted in the preceding fiscal year; and (2) an explanation for each such exemption. 
Directs the Director to issue guidance on implementation of the requirements of this Act, including a statement on the common rules that he or she intends to review and standardize under this Act. 
Sets specifications for the development and implementation of plans by Federal agencies, including for each agency to designate a lead agency official for carrying out the agency's responsibilities under this Act.  Requires the lead official to consult regularly with representatives of State and local governments and qualified organizations during development of the plan.  Requires each Federal agency to submit the plan to the Director and the Congress and report annually thereafter on the implementation of the plan and the agency's performance in meeting the goals and objectives specified under this Act. 
Directs the Director or the lead agency to contract with the National Academy of Public Administration to evaluate the effectiveness of this Act.  Requires the evaluation to be submitted to the lead agency, the Director, and the Congress.   Terminates this Act five years after enactment.
Working Families Gas Tax Credit Act of 2008 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a tax credit for up to $500 ($1,000 in the case of a joint return) of the cost of gasoline and diesel used in highway vehicles for a nonbusiness purpose when the increase in the price of a gallon of gasoline exceeds the annual inflation rate by not less than 300%. Phases out the amount of such credit for taxpayers with adjusted gross incomes exceeding $75,000 ($150,000 in the case of a joint return).
Bulk Cash Smuggling Act of 2001 - Amends Federal law governing monetary transactions to establish as a bulk cash smuggling offense the knowing concealment and attempted transport (or transfer) across U.S. borders, with intent to evade specified currency reporting requirements, of currency and monetary instruments in excess of $10,000. Sets forth imprisonment and civil forfeiture penalties.
Enhancing Flexibility for Effective Schools Act - Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to alter requirements for adequate yearly progress (AYP) assessments of student groups by: (1) lowering, from 95% to 90%, the minimum percentage of students in each group in a school that must take such assessments; (2) allowing the fractional counting of students who are in more than one group, for each such group; (3) allowing states to treat as proficient or advanced specified scores on alternate assessments for disabled students and those not proficient in English; and (4) allowing states to use alternative methods of defining AYP.

Revises criteria for local educational agency (LEA) identification of schools needing improvement. Declares that only those meet such criteria that fail AYP standards, for two consecutive school years (as under current law), in the same subject for the same group of students.

Revises eligibility criteria for school transfers after a school is identified as needing improvement. Declares that only failing students in the failing group, instead of all students in such a school, may transfer. Allows such schools to provide students with supplemental services rather than transfers during that school year.

Requires states to develop procedures allowing LEAs to register complaints concerning approved supplemental service providers or those seeking the state's approval.

Considers new middle or secondary school special education teachers to be highly qualified if, in addition to having a bachelor degree and high competence in their subject area, they have obtained a state special education certificate qualifying them to teach in the state.
Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2016 This bill amends the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to authorize the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) to subject a bank holding company to enhanced supervision and prudential standards by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System if FSOC makes a final determination that material financial distress at the bank holding company, or the nature, scope, size, scale, concentration, interconnectedness, or mix of its activities, could threaten the financial stability of the United States. This FSOC determination procedure replaces the current process under which bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more are automatically subject to such enhanced supervision and prudential standards. FSOC's determination must be based upon specified factors, using an indicator-based measurement approach established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision to determine systemic importance. A bank holding company designated as a Global Systemically Important Bank by the Financial Stability Board, as of this bill's enactment, shall be deemed to have been the subject of a final determination that it could pose a threat to U.S. financial stability for any of those reasons. 
Eurasia Foundation Act - Directs the Secretary of State to make an annual grant to the Eurasia Foundation, a private, nonprofit corporation whose purposes are to: (1) promote civil society, private enterprise, and sound public administration and policy in the former Soviet Union; (2) strengthen indigenous institutions that foster national development, constructive social change, equitable economic growth, and cooperative international relationships that are fully consistent with U.S. interests in Eurasia; and (3) conduct programs in response to initiatives in the region that would be difficult or impossible for an official U.S. entity.
Fair Disbursement of Offshore Oil Revenue Act of 2003 - Establishes the Coastal Communities Outer Continental Shelf Receipt Fund as an interest-bearing account in the Treasury.Instructs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay into the Fund all revenues attributable to an Outer Continental Shelf lease, any part of which is within 200 geographical miles of the coast line.Directs the Secretary to pay each coastal State and its coastal counties, respectively, one-half of the revenues and any interest earned on them attributable to the State for the fiscal year most recently completed.Preconditions such disposition of funds upon annual enactment by each coastal State and coastal county of the legislation necessary to provide State and local permits for the onshore facilities needed to support offshore oil or gas development or production in the pertinent adjacent area.Declares that if a State or county fails to enact such legislation, the funds attributable to it shall not be disbursed, and the Secretary shall take that failure into consideration before offering any additional leases for sale in the offshore area adjacent to that State or county.
Consumer Telephone Records Protection Act of 2006 - Prohibits any person from obtaining or causing the disclosure of, or requesting another person to obtain, customer proprietary network information relating to another person by: (1) making a false statement to a telecommunications carrier; or (2) providing any information knowing that it is counterfeit, that it was obtained fraudulently or without the customer's consent, or that it contains a false statement. Prohibits a person from selling customer information relating to any other person knowing it was obtained in such manner.

Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to direct the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to require each telecommunications carrier to notify a customer when proprietary network information relating to such customer is disclosed in violation of such prohibitions.

Treats a violation as an unfair or deceptive act or practice in violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act. Gives all of the functions and powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) under that Act to the FCC to enforce compliance. Prescribes penalties, which double for violations that are part of a pattern of illegal activity.
Rio Grande Del Norte National Conservation Area Establishment Act - Establishes the Rio Grande Del Norte National Conservation Area in New Mexico.

Requires the Secretary of the Interior to ensure the protection of religious and cultural sites in the Conservation Area and to provide access to them by tribal members.

Requires the Secretary to develop a management plan for the Conservation Area.

Designates the Cerro Del Yuta Wilderness and Rio San Antonio Wilderness as wilderness and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System (NWPS).
Assuring Honesty and Accountability Act of 2002 - Amends the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to extend through FY 2007 the discretionary spending limits (spending caps) for defense and nondefense categories in new budget authority and outlays.Retains (eliminates the expiration of) certain budget enforcement mechanisms.Retains (eliminates the expiration of) pay-as-you-go.Amends the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 concerning legislation which: (1) evades specified budget enforcement mechanisms; (2) provides direct spending (to be included in the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) analysis (scoring); and (3) is unreported by committee (for purposes of budget point of order rules).Limits the adjustment required to the discretionary spending limits in new budget authority for FY 2003 when new budget authority to prosecute the war on terrorism is enacted.Requires reports on legislation which provide new budget, spending, or credit authority or otherwise provide an increase or decrease in revenues or tax expenditures to include a projection by CBO of the cost of debt servicing (interest).Amends the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to address issues of emergency spending through: (1) establishing criteria and guidelines; (2) the inclusion of a reserve fund in the President's Budget; and (3) requiring a separate House vote on an emergency designation.Amends the Rules of the House of Representatives concerning: (1) budget compliance statements (permitting inclusion of budgetary implications); and (2) justification for budget act waivers (inclusion required for bill consideration).
(Sec. 4) Prohibits FERC from issuing any permit or authorization that would allow TVA charges or rates to recover costs incurred in the conduct of activities or operations outside the United States. Mandates an annual TVA status report detailing its activities or operations outside the United States.
(Sec. 5) Sets constraints upon retail sales of electric power by TVA within an area assigned by law as the distributor service area.
Sets forth prerequisites for a FERC certification of public convenience and necessity in connection with any proposed TVA acquisition, construction, or sales of electric generation capacity.
Directs FERC to conduct an evidentiary hearing, according to specified requirements, to determine the value of TVA-owned property whose cost was incurred to provide electric service to TVA distributors and customers.
(Sec. 6) Mandates filing and full disclosure of TVA documents in the same manner as is required of other public utilities.
(Sec. 7) Amends the Tennessee Valley Authority Act to provide that TVA shall be deemed to be a person and not a government, for purposes of the antitrust laws (thus subjecting TVA to such laws).
(Sec. 9) Denies TVA the power to provide any services related to construction equipment, contracting, and engineering services. Mandates that proceeds received from disposition of its used construction equipment be applied to TVA debt reduction.
(Sec. 10) Revamps TVA authority to issue bonds to finance its power program so as to: (1) reduce in annual increments the total authorized amount of TVA indebtedness; (2) mandate annual TVA certification that its cumulative indebtedness is less than its bond authorization; and (3) mandate specific authority granted by an act of Congress as a precondition to TVA contracts for power sales or delivery which would have the effect of making TVA a power supply source outside the area for which it was the primary source of power as of 1957.
Immigration Moratorium Act of 1994 - Imposes a five-year immigration moratorium, with exceptions for refugees, certain priority and skilled workers, and immediate relatives of U.S. citizens and permanent resident aliens.
This bill amends the United States Housing Act of 1937 to authorize the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to carry out a rental assistance and supportive housing program, in conjunction with the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), for the benefit of Indian veterans who are homeless or at-risk of homelessness and who are residing on or near Indian areas.  Rental assistance shall be: (1) made available to recipients eligible for housing assistance block grants under the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996; and (2) awarded based on need, administrative capacity, and any other HUD funding criteria.
Grants a copyright to a named individual, her successors, and assigns for specified works for a 50-year term from June 26, 1982.
Colusa Basin Watershed Integrated Resources Management Act - Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to provide financial assistance for use by the Colusa Basin Drainage District, California, or by local agencies for planning, design, environmental compliance, and construction required to carry out eligible projects in the Colusa Basin Watershed to:  (1) reduce the risk of damage to urban and agricultural areas from flooding or the discharge of drainage water or tailwater; (2) assist in groundwater recharge efforts to alleviate overdraft and land subsidence; or (3) construct, restore or preserve wetland and riparian habitat; and (4) capture surface or stormwater for conservation, conjunctive use, and increased water supplies.  Requires the Secretary to ensure that funded projects are not inconsistent with watershed protection and environmental restoration efforts being carried out under the Central Valley Project Improvement Act or the CALFED Bay-Delta Program.  Directs the Secretary to require that the District and cooperating non-Federal agencies or organizations pay:  (1) 25 percent of project costs; and (2) 100 percent of project operation, maintenance, and replacement and rehabilitation costs. 
Permits funds appropriated pursuant to this Act to be made available:  (1) to fund all costs incurred for planning, design, and environmental compliance activities by the District or by local agencies in accordance with agreements with the Secretary; and (2) only to a District or a local agency that has entered into a binding agreement with the Secretary under which the District or local agency is required to pay the non-Federal share of construction costs and which governs the funding of planning, design, and compliance activities costs. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Ban on Smoking in Federal Buildings Act - Prohibits smoking in buildings owned or leased for use by a Federal agency except in areas, as may be designated by agencies, that are ventilated:  (1) separately from other portions of the building; (2) using a method determined by the Administrator of General Services to be at least as effective as such; or (3) in accordance with Federal indoor air quality standards for environmental tobacco smoke, if such standards are in effect. 
Directs the Administrator of General Services (with respect to the executive branch), the Administrative Office of the United States Courts (with respect to the judicial branch), and the House Office Building Commission, the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate, and the Architect of the Capitol (with respect to the legislative branch) to take such actions as necessary to institute and enforce such prohibition. 
Requires the Administrator to report to specified congressional committees with information concerning the degree of compliance with this Act and on research and development on methods of ventilation which are at least as effective as the method described in this Act. 
Specifies that nothing in this Act is intended to preempt any provision of State or local law that is more restrictive than a provision of this Act.
Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2017 This bill amends the Public Health Service Act to revise programs for deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns and infants, including to expand the programs to include young children. The programs are reauthorized through FY2022. Health Resources and Services Administration support for the education and training of personnel and health care providers for such programs is expanded to include education and training of family members.
Salmon Economic Analysis and Planning Act - Requires the Secretary of Commerce to enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences for scientific analysis of federal salmon protection, restoration, and recovery actions. Requires such analysis to include: (1) the biological effectiveness of current recovery actions for Columbia and Snake River Basin salmon and steelhead populations; (2) a comparison of the effectiveness of salmon recovery actions; and (3) an identification of limiting factors and global climate change on salmon recovery actions.

Requires the Comptroller General to study the potential effects and costs of partially and fully removing the four lower Snake River dams, including those on: (1) the economy of surrounding communities; (2) freight transportation; (3) irrigation; (4) energy production; and (5) the extinction of salmon and steelhead populations in the Snake River. Requires the Comptroller General to study the accuracy of the engineering costs associated with dam removal as determined by the February 2002 Army Corps of Engineers Lower Snake River Juvenile Salmon Migration Feasibility Report/Environmental Impact Statement.
Paycheck Fairness Act - Amends the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (FLSA) and the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (CRA) to revise and increase remedies and enforcement on behalf of victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex. 
Amends FLSA to provide for enhanced enforcement of equal pay requirements, adding a nonretaliation requirement.  Increases penalties for such violations.  Provides for the Secretary of Labor to seek additional compensatory or punitive damages in such cases. 
Amends CRA to direct the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) to require certain employers to maintain payroll records and report to the EEOC pay information analyzed by race, sex, and national origin of employees.  Applies such requirement applicable to employers who have 100 or more employees for each working day in each of 20 or more calendar weeks. 
Requires EEOC to train its employees and affected individuals and entities on matters involving discrimination in the payment of wages. 
Directs the Secretary to conduct studies and provide information to employers, labor organizations, and the general public concerning the means available to eliminate pay disparities between men and women, including convening a national summit and carrying out other specified activities. 
Establishes the Robert Reich National Award for Pay Equity in the Workplace, which shall be evidenced by a medal.  Sets forth criteria for specified types of entities to receive such an award. 
Authorizes appropriations to the EEOC and to the Secretary to carry out this Act.
Prohibits the import, export, or shipment in interstate commerce of steel jaw leghold traps and of articles of fur derived from animals trapped in such traps. 
Prescribes criminal penalties for violations of this Act. 
Directs the Secretary of the Interior to reward nongovernment informers for information leading to a conviction under this Act. Empowers enforcement officials to detain, search, and seize suspected merchandise or documents and to make arrests with and without warrants.  Subjects seized merchandise to forfeiture.
Abandoned Mine Land Area Redevelopment Act of 2001 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a credit for holders of qualified abandoned mine land area redevelopment bonds, as specified. Sets forth rules and formulae concerning the annual credit (including limits and carryover), the applicable credit rate, bond issuance and redemption, the amount of bonds designated, and a national volume cap.Includes the credit in gross income, to be treated as interest income. Permits the the credit to be stripped (owner of bond different from person entitled to the credit). Treats the allowed credit as a payment of estimated tax. Permits the credit to be transferred. Limits the program to ten years from the issuance of the first qualified abandoned mine land area redevelopment bond.
Family Farm Protection Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to exclude from the gross estate, for estate tax purposes, the value of certain land subject to a qualified conservation easement (reduced by the amount of any indebtedness secured by such land).  Includes in the gross estate the value of each development right retained by the donor in the conveyance of the easement.  Makes such tax due on a date certain after the disposition of such property. Provides that such land subject to the exclusion will have a carryover basis for purposes of determining gain or loss. 
Excludes from the gift tax transfers by gift of land subject to a qualified conservation easement. 
Excludes from gross income gain from the sale or exchange of eligible farmland that is subject to a qualified covenant which does not permit any use of such farmland for purposes other than as farmland.
Effective Homeland Security Management Act of 2007 - Amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security for Management (who shall assume many responsibilities of the current Under Secretary for Management), to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to serve as the Chief Management Officer and principal advisor to the Secretary of Homeland Security on matters related to management.

Includes among the Deputy Secretary's responsibilities the integration and transformation process to ensure an efficient and orderly consolidation of Department of Homeland Security (DHS) functions and personnel, including the development of a management integration strategy.
Prohibiting Detention of Youth Status Offenders Act of 2017 This bill amends the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to modify the deinstitutionalization of status offenders (DSO) core requirement with which a state must comply to receive funds under the Formula Grant Program. The DSO core requirement prohibits the secure detention or confinement of a juvenile who commits a status offense (i.e., an offense that would not be a crime if committed by an adult). This bill eliminates an exception to the DSO core requirement that permits the secure detention or confinement of an out-of-state runaway youth. It also eliminates, not later than one year after enactment, an exception to the DSO core requirement that permits the secure detention or confinement of a juvenile status offender who violates a valid court order. Until then, use of the valid court order exception to securely detain or confine a juvenile status offender must comply with additional requirements, such as issuance of a written court order, a three-day maximum length of detention, and a plan for release.
International Travelers Bill of Rights Act of 2009 - Defines "site operator" as an individual or entity that operates a website providing access to international travel services, including an overseas vacation destination or a third party that operates a website offering international travel services.

Requires a site operator to provide information in a clear and conspicuous way on its website regarding the health and safety risks of overseas vacation destinations marketed on the site, including the onsite health and safety services available and, if those services are not available 24 hours a day, the hours the services are available, if known.

Requires a site operator to: (1) establish a process under which an overseas vacation destination will be suspended from its website as a result of consumer complaints regarding poor medical care, unsafe or unsanitary facilities, or other health-related issues; and (2) make all such complaints publicly available on its website. Allows an operator to modify complaints at the request of the complainant and to remove offensive language and personal identification.

Treats a violation as an unfair or deceptive act or practice prescribed under the Federal Trade Commission Act.
Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act (Sec. 4) This bill directs the Department of the Interior to submit to Congress, make publicly available, and biennially update an Asset Management Report that describes the Bureau of Reclamation's efforts to maintain in a reliable manner all reserved works (buildings, structures, facilities, or equipment owned by the Bureau for which operations and maintenance are performed by Bureau employees or through a contract with the Bureau) at Reclamation facilities (infrastructure assets that are owned by the Bureau at each Reclamation project owned by the Bureau) and to standardize and streamline data reporting and processes across regions and areas for the purpose of maintaining such works. Such Report must include: (1) a detailed assessment of major repair and rehabilitation needs for all such works; and (2) an itemized list of major repair and rehabilitation needs of individual Reclamation facilities at each Reclamation project, including a budget level cost estimate of appropriations needed to complete each item and an assignment of a categorical rating for each item consistent with existing uniform categorization systems to inform the annual budget process and agency requirements. Interior may exclude from the public version of the Report any information that it identifies as sensitive or classified, but shall make available to specified congressional committees a version of the report containing the sensitive or classified information. (Sec. 5) Interior must: (1) coordinate with the non-federal entities responsible for the operation and maintenance of transferred works (Reclamation facilities at which operations and maintenance are carried out by a non-federal entity under a formal agreement with the Bureau) in developing reporting requirements for Asset Management Reports regarding major repair and rehabilitation needs for transferred works, and (2) develop and implement a categorical rating system for transferred works that incorporates the rating system for major repair and rehabilitation needs for reserved works.
Public Safety Employer-Employee Cooperation Act of 2001 - Provides collective bargaining rights for public safety officers employed by States or local governments.Directs the Federal Labor Relations Authority (FLRA) to determine whether State law provides specified rights and responsibilities for public safety officers, including: (1) granting public safety employees the right to form and join a labor organization which excludes management and supervisory employees, and which is, or seeks to be, recognized as the exclusive bargaining agent for such employees; and (2) requiring public safety employers to recognize and agree to bargain with the employees' labor organization.Requires the FLRA to issue regulations establishing collective bargaining procedures for public safety employers and employees in States that do not substantially provide for such rights and responsibilities. Directs the FLRA, in such cases, to: (1) determine the appropriateness of units for labor organization representation; (2) supervise or conduct elections to determine whether a labor organization has been selected as an exclusive representative by a majority of the employees in an appropriate unit; (3) resolve issues relating to the duty to bargain in good faith; (4) conduct hearings and resolve complaints of unfair labor practices; and (5) resolve exceptions to arbitrator's awards. Grants a public safety employer, employee, or labor organization the right to seek enforcement of such FLRA regulations and authority through appropriate State courts.Prohibits public safety employers, employees, and labor organizations from engaging in lockouts or strikes, or sickouts, work slowdowns, or other actions designed to compel agreement to a proposed contract which will measurably disrupt the delivery of emergency services.
Aimee's Law - Directs the Attorney General, in any case in which a State convicts of murder, rape, or a dangerous sexual offense an individual who has a prior conviction for any one of those offenses in another State, to transfer an amount equal to the costs of incarceration, prosecution, and apprehension of that individual from Federal law enforcement assistance funds that have been allocated to but not distributed to the State that convicted such individual of the prior offense to the State that convicted that individual of the subsequent offense. 
Directs the Attorney General, in any case in which a State convicts of murder, rape, or a dangerous sexual offense an individual who has a prior conviction for any one or more of those offenses in more than one other State, to transfer an amount equal to the costs of incarceration, prosecution, and apprehension of that individual from Federal law enforcement assistance funds that have been allocated to but not distributed to each State that convicted such individual of the prior offense to the State that convicted that individual of the subsequent offense. 
Requires the chief executive officer of a State, in order to receive such transferred funds, to submit to the Attorney General an application including a certification that the State has convicted of murder, rape, or a dangerous sexual offense an individual who has a prior conviction for one of those offenses in another State. 
Specifies that any such transferred amount shall be derived by reducing the amount of Federal law enforcement assistance funds received by the State that convicted such individual of the prior offense before the distribution of the funds to the State.  Directs the Attorney General to establish a payment schedule. 
Makes such provisions inapplicable if an individual convicted of murder, rape, or a dangerous sexual offense has escaped and subsequently been convicted for such an offense. 
(Sec. 4) Directs the Attorney General to: (1) collect and maintain information relating to the number of convictions (during the calendar year) for murder, rape, and any sex offense in the State in which, at the time of the offense, the victim had not attained age 14 and the offender had attained age 18, and the number of such convictions that constitute second or subsequent convictions of the defendant of such an offense; and (2) report to Congress.
Higher Education Science and Technology Competitiveness Act - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of Education to award grants to public institutions of higher education to establish and implement statewide articulation agreements that provide a seamless transition for the transfer of students from two-year institutions to four-year institutions through a common core curricula in math, science, engineering, and technology that reflects the workforce needs of private industry.
Stop Abuse, Violence, and Exploitation of Elders Act of 2012 or the SAVE Elders Act of 2012 - Amends the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to designate specified funds from the Crime Victims Fund for grants for compensation and assistance to victims of elder abuse.

Defines "elder abuse" under that Act: (1) to mean the abuse, exploitation, or neglect of an individual who is age 65 or older and lawfully present in the United States; and (2) with respect to a state that receives a grant, to include any other conduct that is defined as such under the laws of the state.

Requires the Director of the Office of Victims of Crime to use such funds to make grants to states to support: (1) eligible crime victim assistance programs that provide assistance to victims of elder abuse; and (2) programs that improve the investigation, handling, and prosecution of cases of elder abuse.

Apportions specified percentages of grant amounts among the states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands and requires the amounts remaining after such apportionment to be distributed among the states based on: (1) the population of individuals age 65 or older in a state relative to the population of such individuals in all states, (2) the population of individuals age 65 or older in a state in relation to the population of the state, and (3) the overall rate of crime in a state.

Requires the Attorney General: (1) acting through the Inspector General of the Department of Justice (DOJ), to periodically review all DOJ grants to ensure the purposes of the grants are achieved in the most efficient manner possible; (2) to submit an assessment of each DOJ grant program to determine the extent of overlap and duplication; and (3) to direct any DOJ office that carries out a grant program to coordinate with other offices to review anticipated grant awards.
First State National Historical Park Act - Establishes the First State National Historical Park in Delaware, to be administered as a unit of the National Park System.  Specifies that the purpose of the Park is the preservation, protection, and interpretation of the nationally significant cultural and historic resources associated with early Dutch, Swedish, and English settlement of the colony of Delaware and parts of the colony of Pennsylvania and Delaware's role in the birth of the United States and as the first state to ratify the Constitution.  Bars the establishment of the Park until it is determined that sufficient land or interests have been acquired from among specified historic sites within the boundary of the Park to constitute a manageable park unit. Instructs the Secretary to publish a notice in the Federal Register of the Park's establishment, including an official boundary map.  Allows the the Secretary to acquire: (1) by purchase from a willing seller, donation, or exchange, all or a part of any of such sites, including easements or other interests; and (2) by donation only, all or a part of the property identified as "Proposed NPS (National Park Service) Site," including easements or other interests, and the property identified as "Area for Potential Addition by Donation." Adjusts the boundary of the Park to reflect the acquisition of lands or interests in such sites.  Authorizes the Secretary to: (1) provide interpretive tours to sites and resources in Delaware and Pennsylvania located outside the Park's boundary and associated with the purposes for which the Park is established under this Act; and (2) enter into cooperative agreements with Delaware and Pennsylvania and other specified entities to mark, interpret, and restore nationally significant historic or cultural resources within the Park, if those agreements provide for reasonable public access to such resources.  Limits the federal share of the total cost of any activity carried out under such an agreement to 50% of that cost. Permits the non-federal share to be in the form of in-kind contributions or goods or services fairly valued.  Requires the completion of a management plan for the Park.  Requires completion of a study assessing the historical significance of additional properties in Delaware and Pennsylvania associated with the Park. Requires such study to include an assessment of the potential for designating such properties as National Historic Landmarks.  Authorizes appropriations.  Amends the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to state that the amount authorized to be appropriated to carry out the Preserve America program not appropriated as of this Act's enactment date shall be reduced by $6.5 million. 
Rio Puerco Watershed Act of 1994 - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to:  (1) establish a clearinghouse for research and information on the management of the Rio Puerco Drainage Basin; (2) establish an inventory of best management practices and related monitoring activities that have been or may be implemented within the Rio Puerco Watershed Project; and (3) provide support to the Rio Puerco Management Committee to identify objectives, monitor results of ongoing projects, and develop alternative watershed management plans for the Rio Puerco Drainage Basin based on best management practices. 
Directs the Secretary to prepare a report of appropriate alternatives for the improvement of watershed conditions in the Rio Puerco Drainage Basin. 
Establishes the Rio Puerco Management Committee to:  (1) advise the Secretary on the development and implementation of the management program; and (2) serve as a forum of information concerning the watershed and implementation of best management practices.  Directs the Secretary to:  (1) report to specified congressional committees on the implementation of this Act; and (2) study and report to such committees on the Rio Grande from Caballo Lake at least to Sunland Park, New Mexico. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Medicare Patient Access to Preventive and Diagnostic Tests Act of 2003 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to: (1) establish procedures for determining the basis for, and amount of, Medicare payment for any clinical diagnostic laboratory test with respect to which a new or substantially revised Health Care Financing Administration Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code is assigned on or after January 1, 2004; (2) set the national fee schedule amounts for tests performed; and (3) establish a mechanism for review of the adequacy of payment amounts for a particular test.Prohibits the Secretary from: (1) assigning a code for a new clinical diagnostic laboratory test that differs from the code recommended by the American Medical Association Common Procedure Terminology Editorial Panel and results in lower payment than would be made if the Secretary accepted such recommendation solely on the basis that the test is a test that may be performed by a laboratory with a certificate of waiver under the Public Health Service Act; or (2) substituting for the fee schedule amount otherwise established under the Act for a test a least costly alternative fee schedule amount.
Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress, make publicly available, and biennially update an Asset Management Report that describes the Bureau of Reclamation's efforts to: (1) maintain in a reliable manner all reserved works (buildings, structures, facilities, or equipment owned by the Bureau for which operations and maintenance are performed by Bureau employees or through a contract with the Bureau) at Reclamation facilities (infrastructure assets that are owned by the Bureau at each Reclamation project owned by the Bureau); and (2) standardize and streamline data reporting and processes across regions and areas for the purpose of maintaining such works. Requires such Report to include: (1) a detailed assessment of major repair and rehabilitation needs for all such works; and (2) an itemized list of major repair and rehabilitation needs of individual Reclamation facilities at each Reclamation project, including a budget level cost estimate of appropriations needed to complete each item and an assignment of a categorical rating for each item consistent with existing uniform categorization systems to inform the annual budget process and agency requirements. Directs the Secretary to: (1) coordinate with the non-federal entities responsible for the operation and maintenance of transferred works (Reclamation facilities at which operations and maintenance are carried out by a non-federal entity under a formal agreement with the Bureau) in developing reporting requirements for Asset Management Reports regarding the condition of, and planned maintenance for, transferred works; and (2) develop and implement a categorical rating system for transferred works. Reduces the maximum amount of the federal share of the cost of the Central Valley Water Recycling Project otherwise available as of the date of enactment of this Act by $2 million.
Ruth Moore Act of 2013 - Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs (VA), in any case in which a veteran claims that a covered mental health condition was incurred in or aggravated by military sexual trauma during active duty, to accept as sufficient proof of service-connection a diagnosis by a mental health professional together with satisfactory lay or other evidence of such trauma and an opinion by the mental health professional that such condition is related to such trauma, if consistent with the circumstances, conditions, or hardships of such service, notwithstanding the fact that there is no official record of such incurrence or aggravation in such service, and to resolve every reasonable doubt in favor of the veteran. Allows such service-connection to be rebutted by clear and convincing evidence to the contrary. Includes as a &quot;covered mental health condition&quot; post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety, depression, or any other mental health diagnosis that the Secretary determines to be related to military sexual trauma. Requires the Secretary to report annually to Congress in each of 2014 through 2018 on covered claims submitted.
Youth Mental Health Research Act - Authorizes the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to: (1) provide for the establishment of a Youth Mental Health Research Network for the conduct or support of youth mental health research and intervention services; and (2) carry out this Act by acting through the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) (the Director) in collaboration with other national research institutes and centers that conduct youth mental health research. Authorizes the Director to award cooperative agreements, grants, and contracts to governments and private nonprofit entities for: (1) conducting research to meet unmet needs for youth mental health research or training for researchers in youth mental health research techniques; (2) providing youth mental health intervention services; and (3) collaborating with NIMH to build on the scientific findings and clinical techniques of earlier programs, studies, and demonstration projects. Limits: (1) the number of entities that may be awarded support to 70; and (2) the duration of such support to&nbsp;5 years, subject to an extension. Requires the Director to ensure that an appropriate number of awards go to entities that agree to: (1) focus primarily on the early detection and intervention of severe mental illness in young people; (2) conduct or coordinate multisite clinical trials of therapies for, or approaches to, the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of early severe mental illness in a community setting; (3) disseminate scientific findings; and (4) adhere to the guidelines, protocols, and practices used in the North American Prodrome Longitudinal Study (NAPLS) and the Recovery After an Initial Schizophrenia Episode (RAISE) initiative. Requires the Director to: (1) establish a data coordinating center, (2) require the center to provide regular reports on research conducted, and (3) incorporate information reported into the Director of NIH's biennial reports.
Amends the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 to prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from authorizing a person to use any land or water in the National Wildlife Refuge System for any commercial activity conducted to provide accommodations, facilities, or services for visitors' recreational, educational, or interpretive enjoyment of System lands or waters, except under a standardized concession contract established pursuant to this Act. Excludes certain activities from coverage of such requirement, including volunteer and government activities and the operation of a bookstore in a refuge facility by a national wildlife refuge Friends organization, as well as performance of any authorized guide or outfitter services.

Exempts from such standardized contract requirement administrative sites, visitor facilities, and revenue producing visitor services mandated or authorized pursuant to the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act.

Directs the Secretary, acting through the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, to issue regulations that authorize a contract to use a provision other than those specified by the Secretary as part of a standardized contract, subject to certain conditions. Directs the Secretary to require in each contract provisions requiring any activity conducted in the System under the contract to be: (1) a compatible use; and (2) designed to conserve the System's natural and cultural resources, facilitate the enjoyment of System lands and waters, and enhance visitors' knowledge of the natural resources. Requires the Secretary to include in any such contract provisions that: (1) authorize the person to maintain or repair any improvement on or in such land or water that the person is authorized to use; and (2) treat costs incurred by the person for such maintenance or repair as consideration otherwise required to be paid to the United States for such use. Makes available to the Secretary for specified expenditures any amounts received by the United States as fees or other payments required under any contract for use of real property located in an area of the System, other than lands withdrawn for Native selection pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act. Directs the Secretary to: (1) include in the comprehensive conservation plan for each refuge a description of the activities that may be conducted in the refuge and the lands, water, and facilities of the refuge that may be used under concession contracts; and (2) report by December 31 each year to specified congressional committees on concessions activities in the System.
Gas Price Spike Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to impose a windfall profit tax on crude oil, natural gas, or products of crude oil or natural gas. Defines "windfall profit" as so much of the profit on a sale of crude oil, natural gas, or related products as exceeds a reasonable profit. Establishes the Reasonable Profits Board to determine levels of reasonable profit from the sale of such products.

Allows a tax credit for the purchase of certain fuel-efficient, American-made passenger vehicles.

Authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to operators of mass transit systems, including bus and commuter rail systems, to reduce passenger fares on such systems.
State Child Well-Being Research Act of 2007 - Amends part A (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families) (TANF) of title IV of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop comprehensive indicators to assess child well-being in each state.

Directs the Secretary to establish an advisory panel to make recommendations regarding the appropriate measures and statistical tools necessary for making such assessment.
Improving Oversight and Accountability in Medicaid Non-DSH Supplemental Payments Act  This bill amends title XIX (Medicaid) of the Social Security Act to&nbsp;direct the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services to: (1) issue guidance to states that identifies permissible methods for calculating certain supplemental payments,&nbsp;excluding disproportionate-share payments, made by state Medicaid programs to providers; and&nbsp;(2) establish annual reporting and auditing requirements for states making such supplemental payments. Federal payment with respect to such supplemental payments shall be conditioned upon a state's compliance with these reporting and auditing requirements.
Exempts TVA facilities from the requirement of prior FERC approval for any disposition of property if proper disclosure has been made, and all disposition proceeds are applied towards TVA debt reduction.
Prohibits FERC from permitting TVA to impose any rate or charge, or any rule or regulation pertaining to a rate or charge, for costs incurred in the conduct of TVA activities or operations outside the United States. Deems any such rate, charge, rule, or regulation to be unjust, unreasonable, and unlawful. Mandates an annual TVA report to FERC detailing its activities outside the United States.
Prohibits TVA electric power sales to a retail customer within a distributor service area assigned by law, unless: (1) the customer was purchasing electric power directly from TVA on the date of enactment of this Act; (2) the distributor purchases firm power from TVA that is no more than 50 percent of its total retail sales; or (3) the distributor agrees that TVA may sell power to the customer. Subjects TVA retail electric power sales to applicable State law.
Makes a FERC certificate of public convenience and necessity, according to prescribed criteria, a prerequisite for TVA construction, acquisition, or sales of electric generation capacity.
Prescribes procedural guidelines under which FERC shall commence a hearing on the record to determine the value of TVA property. Authorizes FERC to issue an order awarding recovery for TVA stranded costs.
Subjects TVA to the same filing and disclosure requirements as pertain to other public utilities.
Amends the Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 to subject TVA to the antitrust laws.
Denies TVA any power to rent, sell, or otherwise provide construction equipment or services to, or perform contract construction work for, any public or private entity, except for certain electrical contractors, customers, distributors, and governmental entities engaged in electrical utility work on a TVA electrical utility project.
Authorizes appropriations.
Burt Lake Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians Act - Reaffirms Federal recognition and the rights and privileges of the Burt Lake Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians (in the State of Michigan). Entitles such Band to the Federal services and benefits provided to recognized Indians. Provides for lands to be acquired and held in trust for the Band by the Secretary of the Interior.
Stroke Treatment and Ongoing Prevention Act - (Sec. 2) Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out an education and information campaign to promote stroke prevention and to increase the number of stroke patients who seek immediate treatment. Allows the Secretary to: (1) make public service announcements about the warning signs of stroke and the importance of treating stroke as a medical emergency; (2) provide education regarding ways to prevent stroke and the effectiveness of stroke treatment; and (3) consult with organizations and individuals with expertise in stroke prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation (treatment). Requires the Secretary to evaluate the campaign and measure its impact every two years.

Requires the Secretary, acting through the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), to maintain the Paul Coverdell National Acute Stroke Registry and Clearinghouse by: (1) collecting specific data points and benchmarks for stroke care analysis; (2) compiling and disseminating information on State, local, and private care system achievements and problems; and (3) carrying out activities to reflect the latest advances in all forms of stroke care.

Includes developing and enhancing training for health professions to improve stroke and traumatic injury prevention, diagnosis, and treatment within the the purposes of the grant program for emergency medicine residency training.

Authorizes the Secretary, through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to make grants to qualified entities for health care professionals education programs in the use of diagnostic approaches, technologies, and therapies for stroke and traumatic injury treatment. Gives preference to areas with a significant incidence of stroke or traumatic injuries. Requires qualified entities to include with a grant application a plan for the rigorous evaluation of activities carried out. Sets forth reporting requirements. Authorizes appropriations for FY 2005 through 2009.

(Sec. 3) Authorizes the Secretary, through the Director of the Office for the Advancement of Telehealth, to make up to seven grants to States and to consortia of public and private entities in any non-grantee State to conduct a five-year pilot project to improve patient outcomes by coordinating health care through telehealth networks. Requires the Secretary to consult with officials responsible for other Federal programs involving stroke research and care and with organizations and individuals with expertise in stroke treatment.

Requires States to use the grants to: (1) identify entities with expertise in the delivery of high-quality stroke treatment; (2) work with those entities to establish or improve telehealth networks to provide stroke treatment assistance and resources; (3) inform emergency medical systems of the location of entities to facilitate the transport of individuals with stroke symptoms; (4) establish networks to coordinate collaborative activities for stroke treatment; (5) improve access to high-quality stroke care, especially for populations with a shortage of stroke care specialists or with a high incidence of stroke; and (6) conduct performance and quality evaluations to identify activities that improve clinical outcomes for stroke patients. Requires States to establish a consortium of public and private entities, including universities and academic medical centers, to carry out these activities. Prohibits the Secretary from making a grant to a State, or a consortium within a State, with an existing telehealth network for improving stroke treatment unless the State or consortium agrees to use the existing telehealth network to achieve the purpose of the grant. Gives priority to any applicant that submits a plan demonstrating how the applicant will use the grant to improve access to high-quality stroke care for target populations.

Limits the award of grants to periods of three years, or periods that do not extend beyond FY 2009. Requires an application to outline how the State or consortium will establish baseline measures and benchmarks to evaluate program outcomes. Authorizes appropriations for FY 2005 through 2009. Requires a report that includes: (1) an evaluation of the grant program outcomes; (2) recommendations on how to promote stroke networks in ways that improve access to clinical care in rural and urban areas and reduce the incidence of stroke and resulting complications; (3) recommendations on whether similar telehealth grant programs could be used to improve patient outcomes in other public health areas.
Export Promotion Act This bill establishes the Export Promotion Agency in the Department of Commerce, to be headed by an Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Promotion. There are transferred to the Agency the functions of each of the following:  the International Trade Administration, the Office of International Trade of the Small Business Administration, the Trade and Development Agency, the Export Credit Guarantee Program and the Facilities Guarantee Program of the Department of Agriculture, and the Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs of the Department of State.   The Under Secretary shall develop:  an organizational structure for the Agency that consolidates programs and eliminates duplicative programs; and  metrics to measure performance with respect to the total U.S. exports and number of U.S. businesses exporting (including exports assisted by the Agency), as well as number of businesses present in key foreign markets. 
Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe Equitable Compensation Amendments Act of 2007 - Amends the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe Equitable Compensation Act to make member landowners eligible for the additional financial compensation provided to the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe for the acquisition by the federal government of 104,492 acres of land of the Tribe and member landowners for the Oahe Dam and Reservoir project. Defines "member landowner" as a member of the Tribe (or an heir of such a member) that owned land on the Cheyenne River Sioux Reservation that was acquired by the United States for the Oahe Dam and Reservoir Project of the Pick-Sloan Missouri River Basin program. Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to make five annual deposits into the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribal Recovery Trust Fund.

Rewrites requirements concerning the investment of the Trust Fund. Requires the investment of separate principal and interest accounts within such Fund. Instructs the Secretary of the Treasury: (1) to annually review with the Tribe the results of the investment activities and financial status of the Fund; and (2) if investing the Fund pursuant to such requirements is not practicable or would result in adverse consequences, to modify those requirements to the least extent necessary.

Authorizes the plan prepared for the use of payments to the Tribe to provide for payment of additional compensation to member landowners.

Requires the Secretary of the Interior to assist the Tribe in claims processing by providing any record requested to identify the heirs of member landowners within 90 days after receiving a request.

Extinguishes all monetary claims of a member landowner or an heir of a member landowner against the United States for the taking by the United States of land or property of the Tribe for the Oahe Dam and Reservoir Project upon acceptance by such member landowner or heir of any payment by the Tribe for damages resulting from the taking.
Cyber-Security Enhancement and Consumer Data Protection Act of 2006 - (Sec. 2) Amends the federal criminal code to prohibit obtaining without authorization: (1) a means of identification from a protected computer (a computer exclusively for the use of a financial institution or the federal government); or (2) the capability to gain access to or remotely control a protected computer.

(Sec. 3) Revises the definition of "protected computer" to include a computer the use of which affects interstate or foreign commerce or communication. Eliminates the criminal law requirement that conduct constituting computer fraud involve an interstate or foreign communication.

(Sec. 4) Includes computer fraud within the definition of racketeering for purposes of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO).

(Sec. 5) Includes threats to access a protected computer without authorization or to exceed such authorized access within the definition of computer-related extortion.

(Sec. 6) Expands the crime of computer fraud to include conspiracy to commit computer fraud.

(Sec. 7) Imposes a fine and/or prison term of up to five years for failure to notify the U.S. Secret Service or Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) of a major security breach in a database containing identification information with the intent to prevent, obstruct, or impede a lawful investigation of such breach. Defines "major security breach" as any security breach that involves: (1) the acquisition of the identification information of 10,000 or more individuals causing a significant risk of identity theft; (2) databases owned by the federal government; and (3) data containing identification information of federal employees or contractors involved in national security matters or law enforcement.

Directs the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security to jointly issue regulations on the form, content, and timing of notices of major security breaches. Requires that such regulations provide that notice of a security breach be provided to the Secret Service or FBI before notice is provided to consumers and within 14 days after discovery of such breach.

Grants immunity to law enforcement entities or to any person who notifies law enforcement of a security breach.

Imposes a civil penalty of $50,000 for each day any individual fails to provide notice of a major security breach (not to exceed $1 million).

(Sec. 8) Increases the prison term for computer fraud to a maximum of 30 years. Requires forfeiture of any personal property used to commit computer fraud.

(Sec. 9) Directs the U.S. Sentencing Commission to review and amend its guidelines and policy statements to reflect congressional intent to increase criminal penalties for computer fraud.

(Sec. 10) Imposes criminal penalties for damage affecting ten or more protected computers during any one-year period.

(Sec. 11) Authorizes additional funding in FY2007-FY2011 to the Director of the Secret Service, the Attorney General for the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice, and the Director of the FBI to investigate and prosecute crimes committed through the use of computers.
(This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the Senate on June 3, 2014.  Insurance Capital Standards Clarification Act of 2014 - Amends the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank) concerning establishment of minimum leverage and minimum risk-based capital requirements on a consolidated basis for a depository institution holding company or a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. States that federal banking agencies shall not be required to subject any person to such minimum capital requirements, to the extent that such person either: (1) acts in its capacity as a regulated insurance entity regulated by a state insurance regulator, or (2) is a regulated foreign subsidiary engaged in the business of insurance (including a regulated foreign affiliate of such subsidiary). States that a Board-supervised depository institution holding company or nonbank financial company engaged in the insurance business and regulated by either a state insurance regulator or the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, and which files its holding company financial statements using only Statutory Accounting Principles pursuant to state law, shall not be required by the Board, under this Act or the Home Owners' Loan Act (HOLA), to prepare such financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Declares that nothing in this Act shall: (1) limit Board authority to conduct any regulatory or supervisory activity of either a depository institution holding company or a non-bank financial company under Board jurisdiction, including the collecting or reporting of any information on an entity or group-wide basis; or (2) excuse the Board from its obligations to comply with Dodd-Frank requirements regarding examination of nonbank financial companies and HOLA requirements regarding examination of savings and loan holding companies.  
Timely Repatriation Act - Directs the Secretary of Homeland Security (DHS) to publish a report every six months listing countries that have: (1) refused or unreasonably delayed repatriation of an alien who is a national of that country, and the total number of such aliens; and (2) an excessive repatriation failure rate. Directs the Secretary of Statewith respect to a listed country: (1) to not issue visas to attendants, servants, and personal employees of such country's diplomats and officials/employees; and (2) reduce the number of visas available for such country's diplomats and officials/employees by 10% for each six months that a country is listed. Authorizes the Secretary of Homeland Security to exempt a country from inclusion if the total number of nonrepatriations outstanding is less than 10% for the preceding 3-year period.
Housing Opportunities Made Equal (HOME) Act - Amends the Fair Housing Act to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity, source of income, or marital status in housing sales and rentals, residential real estate-related transactions, and brokerage services.

Amends the Civil Rights Act of 1968 to prohibit the intimidation, interference, or injury of individuals because of their sexual orientation, gender identity, source of income, or marital status.

Redefines "discriminatory housing practice" to specify that the definition: (1) applies regardless of whether the discriminatory practices occur pre- or post-acquisition; and (2) includes a failure to comply with administrative requirements of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), including related regulations, in a manner affirmatively to further nondiscrimination policies.

Redefines "familial status" to include individuals (under age 18) residing with: (1) a foster parent or another person having physical custody of such individuals; or (2) anyone standing in loco parentis of such individuals (currently, the designee of such parent or other person having such custody, with the parent's or other person's written permission).

Amends the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act to grant the Attorney General pre-litigation subpoena power if there is reason to believe that any person may be in possession, custody, or control of any documentary material or information relevant to an investigation under the respective Act.

States that discrimination against a person because of a handicap includes the failure, in connection with a real estate-related transaction, to make reasonable accommodations for such persons.

Revises the limitations on filing complaints and commencing civil actions by certain individuals alleging discriminatory housing practices to deem that the failure to design and construct a dwelling that meets requirements for reasonable modifications for handicapped persons shall continue (and with it the alleged discriminatory housing practice) until such time as the dwelling conforms to them.
National Quality Cancer Care Demonstration Project Act of 2009 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a quality cancer care demonstration project for the purpose of establishing quality metrics and aligning payment incentives under title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act in the areas of treating planning and follow-up cancer care for Medicare beneficiaries with cancer.
Office of Government Ethics Authorization Act of 1994 - Amends the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to:  (1)  extend the authorization of appropriations for the Office of Government Ethics (OGE) through FY 1999; and (2) authorize gift acceptance authority for OGE, according to criteria the Director shall promulgate.
Comprehensive Opioid Management and Bundled Addiction Treatment Act of 2018 or the COMBAT Act of 2018 This bill requires certified opioid treatment program services, including counseling, toxicology testing, and medication-assisted treatment, to be covered under Medicare. Opioid treatment programs must receive payment for such services in accordance with a specified methodology.
Refinery Permit Process Schedule Act - Authorizes the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), upon the request of a state governor, or in the case of Native American tribes or tribal territories, the designated leader of the tribe or tribal community, to provide financial assistance to hire additional personnel to assist the state or tribe or tribal community with expertise in fields relevant to consideration of federal refinery authorizations.

Requires a federal agency responsible for refinery authorization to provide, upon the request of a state governor, or in the case of Native American tribes or tribal territories, the designated leader of the tribe or tribal community, technical, legal, or other nonfinancial assistance to facilitate state or tribal consideration of such authorizations.

Directs the President to appoint a federal coordinator to facilitate such authorizations.

Requires the coordinator, upon the request of an applicant seeking a federal refinery authorization, to establish a memorandum of agreement, executed by relevant federal and state agencies, setting forth the most expeditious coordinated schedule possible for completion of all such authorizations.

Instructs the President to designate at least three closed military installations as potentially suitable for the construction of a refinery. Requires that at least one such site be designated as potentially suitable for construction of a refinery to refine biomass in order to produce biofuel.

Requires the redevelopment authority, in preparing or revising the redevelopment plan for each such designated installation, to consider the feasibility and practicability of siting a refinery on the installation.

Amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to repeal certain requirements regarding refinery revitalization.
Law Enforcement Officers Equity Act   Amends the definition of the term "law enforcement officer" under provisions of the Federal Employees Retirement System (FERS) and the Civil Service Retirement System (CSRS) to include: (1) federal employees not otherwise covered by such term whose duties include the investigation or apprehension of suspected or convicted individuals and who are authorized to carry a firearm, (2) such employees of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) whose duties are primarily the collection of delinquent taxes and the securing of delinquent returns, (3) an employee of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, and (4) an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who is a department police officer.  Requires such service that is performed by an incumbent law enforcement officer: (1) on or after enactment of this Act to be treated for all purposes other than retirement as service performed as a law enforcement officer; and (2) before enactment of this Act to be treated for federal retirement purposes as service performed as such an officer only if a written election is submitted to the Office of Personnel Management within five years after enactment of this Act or before separation from government service, whichever is earlier. Allows an incumbent who makes an election to be treated as a law enforcement officer to pay a deposit into the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund to cover prior service.  Provides that nothing under current law respecting mandatory separation from government service under CSRS or FERS shall cause the mandatory separation of an officer during the three-year period beginning on the enactment of this Act.
Requires the Government Accountability Office to study the effectiveness of the Office of Refugee Resettlement's domestic refugee resettlement programs.  Requires the Office to: (1) ensure that refugee assistance is provided to qualifying refugees who are secondary migrants; (2) report to Congress regarding states experiencing departures and arrivals due to secondary migration; and (3) expand the Office's data analysis, collection, and sharing activities to include data on mental and physical medical cases, housing needs, and refugee employment. Requires the Department of State and the Department of Health and Human Services to provide refugee resettlement guidance to appropriate national, state, and local entities.
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the House on February 20, 2015.  This bill makes changes to the rules for qualified tuition programs (known as 529 plans). (Sec. 2) The Internal Revenue Code is amended to allow payments from 529 plans for the purchase of computer or peripheral equipment, computer software, or Internet access and related services to be used primarily by a 529 plan beneficiary while enrolled in an eligible educational institution.  (Sec. 3) The requirement that distributions from a 529 plan be aggregated for purposes of determining the amount includible in a taxpayer's income is eliminated.  (Sec. 4) Students who receive a refund from an eligible educational institution can recontribute such refund to a 529 plan without tax consequences if the recontribution is made not later than 60 days after the date of such refund and does not exceed the refunded amount. 
Quality Nursing Care Act of 2004 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act, as amended by the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, to require under new Medicare part D (Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program) that each participating hospital adopt and implement a staffing system that ensures a number of registered nurses on each shift and in each unit of the hospital to ensure appropriate staffing levels for patient care. Outlines whistle-blower protections.
Responsible Homeowners Refinancing Act of 2012 - Requires the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) (government sponsored enterprises or GSEs), in carrying out the Home Affordable Refinance Program, to adopt specified criteria pertaining to: (1) borrower eligibility, (2) representations and warranties, (3) prohibition on up-front fees, (4) alternative streamlined methods to appraise the value of a property, (5) an administrative penalty for lien-holder refusal to resubordinate junior liens, (6) carryover of mortgage insurance, and (7) guarantee fees.

Requires the GSE to notify all borrowers with a mortgage owned or guaranteed by a GSE about the Program and its eligibility criteria, and inform borrowers of the website required below.

Directs the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) to establish a single website where borrowers may: (1) determine their potential eligibility for participation in the Program, (2) see a complete list of and links to participating lenders, (3) use a mortgage refinance calculator to calculate potential payment savings based on different interest rates, and (4) obtain tips on refinancing their loan.

Directs the FHFA to issue guidelines to require the GSEs to make their refinancing guidelines consistent to ease lender compliance requirements, particularly with respect to: (1) loans with less than an 80% loan-to-value ratio, and (2) GSE closing cost policies.
Consumer Privacy Protection Act of 2002 - Requires data collection organizations, under specified conditions, to notify consumers: (1) at the time of collection that their personally identifiable information may be used for an unrelated transaction purpose; and (2) of any material change in the organization's privacy policy statement immediately after each change.Requires the organizations to establish a privacy policy with respect to the collection, sale, disclosure for consideration, or use of the consumer's information.Requires an organization to provide consumers, without charge, the opportunity to preclude the sale or disclosure of their information to any organization that is not an information-sharing partner. Allows a consumer an opportunity to limit other information practices of the organization.Directs an organization to prepare and implement an information security policy that prevents the unauthorized disclosure or release of a consumer's information.Requires the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to presume that an organization is in compliance with this Act if it participates in an approved self-regulatory program for an eight-year period.Directs the FTC to: (1) facilitate electronic and promote the use of common identity theft affidavits; (2) require the timely resolution of identity theft disputes; (3) utilize the Identity Theft Clearinghouse to transmit information to appropriate entities for protective action and to mitigate losses; and (4) provide change of address protection for consumers.Requires: (1) the Comptroller General to analyze the impact on U.S. interstate and foreign commerce of information privacy laws, regulations, or agreements enacted, promulgated, or adopted by other nations, and whether the enforcement mechanisms or procedures of them result in discriminatory treatment of U.S. entities; and (2) the Secretary of Commerce, based on such results, to take steps to mitigate against such discriminatory impact.Directs the Secretary to seek harmonization of this Act with other international privacy laws, regulations, and agreements for the advancement of transnational and electronic commerce.
Howard M. Metzenbaum Menu Education and Labeling Act or the Howard M. Metzenbaum MEAL Act - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require chain restaurants with 20 or more locations doing business under the same trade name to disclose: (1) in a statement adjacent to a standard menu item, the number of calories, grams of saturated plus trans fat, grams of carbohydrate, and milligrams of sodium in each such item; (2) other information designed to enable the public to understand the significance of the nutrition information provided in the context of a total daily diet; (3) that such nutrition information is available in writing at the point of ordering; and (4) the number of calories in food on a drive-through menu board, adjacent to each menu item. Exempts condiments, items placed on a table or counter for general use, daily specials, and temporary menu items.

Requires restaurants that sell self-serve food and beverages, such as through a salad bar, buffet line, or cafeteria lines, to place a sign that lists the number of calories per serving adjacent to each food item or beverage offered.

Requires vending machine operators who operate 20 or more vending machines to provide a conspicuous sign disclosing the number of calories contained in each article of food dispensed from such machines.

Permits restaurants and vending machine operators to voluntarily provide, and states to require, additional nutritional information.
Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act of 2018 This bill amends the federal criminal code make it a crime to knowingly and willfully solicit, receive, pay, or offer payment for referrals to a recovery home or clinical treatment facility, subject to limitations. A violator is subject to criminal penalties&#8212;a fine, a prison term of up to 10 years, or both.
Preserving Employee Wellness Programs Act (Sec. 3) This bill exempts workplace wellness programs from: (1) limitations under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 on medical examinations and inquiries of employees, (2) the prohibition on collecting genetic information in connection with issuing health insurance, and (3) limitations under the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 on collecting the genetic information of employees or family members of employees. This exemption applies to workplace wellness programs that comply with limits on rewards for employees participating in the program. Workplace wellness programs may provide for more favorable treatment of individuals with adverse health factors, such as a disability. Collection of information about a disease or disorder of a family member as part of a workplace wellness program is not an unlawful acquisition of genetic information about another family member. 
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the House on September 23, 2011. The summary of that version is repeated here.)

South Utah Valley Electric Conveyance Act - Requires the Secretary of the Interior, insofar as the Strawberry Water Users Association conveyed its interest in an electric distribution system to the South Utah Valley Electric Service District, to convey and assign to the District: (1) all interest of the United States in all fixtures owned by the United States as part of the electric distribution system and the federal lands and interests where the fixtures are located, (2) license for use in perpetuity of the shared power poles, and (3) licenses for use and access in perpetuity to specified project lands and interests and corridors where federal lands and interests are abutting public streets and roads and can provide access to facilities.

Requires the District to assume all liability from the United States for the administration, operation, maintenance, and replacement of such electric distribution system.

Requires the Secretary, before conveying such lands, interests, and fixtures, to be in compliance with all applicable requirements under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and any other law applicable to such land and facilities.

Prohibits anything, except for the uses as granted by license in the shared power poles, from being construed as granting or conveying to the District or any other party, any interest in any facilities comprising a part of the Strawberry Valley Project power generation system or the federally owned parts of the 46 kilovolt transmission system, the ownership of which shall remain in the United States.

Prohibits, upon conveyance of any land or facility under this Act: (1) the conveyed and assigned land and facilities from any longer being considered as part of a federal reclamation project; (2) the District from being entitled to receive any future Bureau of Reclamation benefits respecting such land and facilities, except for those that would be available to other non-Bureau facilities; and (3) the United States from being liable for damages arising out of any act, omission, or occurrence related to the land and facilities, including the transaction specified above between the Association and the District.

Requires the Secretary to report to Congress on the status of such conveyance, any obstacles to completing it, and the anticipated date for its completion, if the conveyance is not completed within one year of enactment of this Act.
Defense of the Environment Act of 1997 - Requires any report of a congressional committee or committee of conference accompanying a public bill or joint resolution that includes any provision that reduces environmental protection to contain:  (1) an identification and description of the provision; (2) an assessment of the extent of such reduction; (3) a description of any actions to avoid such reduction; and (4) any statement received from the Comptroller General, upon request of the committee or a majority of either the minority or majority members of the committee, assessing the reduction. 
Deems a provision to reduce environmental protection if it may: (1) allow increased pollution; (2) adversely affect the environmental quality of public lands or diminish protection of species that may be endangered; (3) increase children's exposure to environmental contaminants and other environmental risks; or (4) have the effect of shielding environmental law violators or limiting judicial review of agency action under authority of any environmental law. 
Provides for consultation and assistance of the Comptroller General at the request of any committee.   Requires the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to ensure that each Federal agency:  (1) collects and catalogs available information that would assist in assessing whether any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report provision would reduce environmental protection; (2) facilitates the availability of such information for Congress' use; and (3) makes such information readily available to the Comptroller General for purposes of fulfilling the assessment and consultation duties described above.  Requires such information to be made publicly available. 
Makes out of order in the House of Representatives and the Senate the consideration of any reported bill or joint resolution, or conference report, unless the committee has complied with the identification and assessment provisions of this Act.  Makes any rule waiving these provisions out of order in the House. 
Amends the Rules of the House of Representatives with respect to the consideration and striking of provisions reducing environmental protection within the meaning of this Act.  Provides Senate procedures for the striking of such provisions.
Captive Primate Safety Act - Amends the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 to add nonhuman primates to the definition of "prohibited wildlife species" for purposes of the prohibition against the sale or purchase of such species in interstate or foreign commerce. Makes it unlawful for a person to import, export, transport, sell, receive, acquire, or purchase a live animal of any prohibited wildlife species in interstate or foreign commerce (i.e., for pet trade purposes). Modifies exceptions to such prohibition, including by making it inapplicable to a person who is: (1) a licensed and inspected person who does not allow direct contact between the public and prohibited wildlife species, and (2) transporting a single primate of the genus Cebus that was obtained from and trained by a charitable organization to assist a permanently disabled individual with a severe mobility impairment.  Sets forth civil and criminal penalties for violations of the requirements of this Act.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a tax credit for investment in qualified reclamation property. Defines "qualified reclamation property" as tangible depreciable recycling or remanufacturing property with a useful life of at least five years. Limits the amount of such credit to 20% of the basis (not exceeding $10 million) of qualified reclamation property placed in service during a taxable year.
Improving Access to Nurse-Midwife Care Act of 2004 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of and payment for certified midwife services (currently only certified nurse-midwife services are covered) under Medicare part B (Supplementary Medical Insurance). Declares that nothing precludes certified nurse-midwives and certified midwives from teaching or supervising an intern or resident-in-training.

Authorizes payment for such services to a person or entity (or the agent of such person or entity) the certified nurse-midwife (CNM) or certified midwife (CM) may designate under an agreement between the CNM or CM and such person or entity (by implication, including a free-standing birth center).
Small Business Investment and Growth Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to establish a maximum small business tax rate on taxable small business income for individuals, partnerships, or certain S corporations.  Describes such income as the least of:  (1) income from the active conduct of a trade or business in which the taxpayer is a material participant; (2) net earnings from self-employment; or (3) the taxpayer's share of additions to a qualified retained earnings account of such trade or business.  Allows distributions from such account to pay ordinary and necessary business expenses or to pay the tax imposed by this Act. 
Excludes from employment taxes the portion of taxable small business income in excess of $135,000.
Seniors Financial Security Act of 2007 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to repeal the inclusion in gross income for income tax purposes of social security and tier 1 railroad retirement benefits.
GEAR UP & GO Act - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to revise specified requirements for Gaining Early Awareness and Readiness for Undergraduate Programs (GEAR UP) to facilitate the transition of low-income high school students into postsecondary education.

Authorizes the Secretary of Education to carry out a GEAR UP & GO grants program to provide low-income high school students participating in GEAR UP partnerships or State programs opportunities for dual/concurrent enrollment in college courses while still enrolled in high school. Provides that students in such program: (1) shall not be required to apply for admission to the institution of higher education; and (2) may receive college credit. Requires up to 25 percent of GEAR UP & GO program funds to be reserved for grants to early/middle college high schools designed to provide 9th through 12th grade low-income and first-generation college students with a coherent course of study enabling them to earn simultaneously a high school diploma and college credit toward a postsecondary degree.
Small Business Growth Act of 2009 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow small business taxpayers with gross receipts of $5 million or less to elect to expense certain depreciable real property in the year such property is placed in service. Limits the amount of such expensing allowance to $125,000, adjusted for inflation after 2009.
Bottle Recycling Climate Protection Act of 2007 - Amends the Solid Waste Disposal Act to prohibit retailers and distributors from selling beverages (water, mineral water, soda water, flavored water, sports drinks, juice, iced tea, wine coolers, beer, or carbonated nonalcoholic beverages) in containers that do not display a statement of a refund value of five cents.Requires: (1) distributors to collect the refund value for each beverage sold to retailers; and (2) retailers to collect the refund value for each beverage sold to consumers. Requires: (1) retailers to pay the refund on returned unbroken containers of brands sold for up to a specified number of containers per day based on the square footage of the retailer's space (excluding any container contaminated by a hazardous waste); and (2) distributors to pay the refund on returned containers of brands sold, plus at least three cents per container for handling costs. Directs distributors to pay to a state, annually, unclaimed refund amounts, which shall be available to the state for programs designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Prohibits distributors and retailers from disposing of containers subject to this Act or any metal, glass, or plastic from such containers (other than the top or seal) in landfills or solid waste disposal facilities.Exempts states that have implemented laws requiring beverage container deposits or that have demonstrated achievement of specified recycling or reuse rates for beverage containers. Prohibits states or political subdivisions that impose taxes on the sale of beverage containers from imposing any tax on the amount attributable to the refund value of such containers. Provides for the adjustment for inflation of the refund amounts at ten-year intervals. Prescribes civil penalties for violations of this Act.
Safe Overseas Human Testing Act - Allows test articles intended for clinical investigations to be exported only pursuant to an export license approved by the President. Directs the President to require an applicant for such license to: (1) identify each clinical investigation for which the test article is intended; and (2) secure a certification from an institutional review board that each of the protocols for every clinical investigation has been reviewed by the board and has met substantially the same standards for the protection of the rights and welfare of human subjects as would be required if the protocol were for a clinical investigation of the test article pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.
National Infrastructure Improvement Act of 2007 - (Sec. 3) Establishes the National Commission on the Infrastructure of the United States to ensure that U.S. infrastructure meets current and future demand, facilitates economic growth, is maintained in a manner that ensures public safety, and is developed or modified in a sustainable manner.

(Sec. 4) Requires the Commission to study the state of U.S. infrastructure, including: (1) the capacity of infrastructure to sustain economic development and competitiveness; (2) the age and condition of public infrastructure; (3) the methods used to finance the construction, acquisition, rehabilitation, and maintenance of infrastructure; (4) investment requirements needed to maintain and to improve infrastructure and the projected need of investment requirements and expenditures by federal, state, and local governments; (5) the impact of local development patterns on demand for federal funding of infrastructure; (6) the impact of deferred maintenance; and (7) the collateral impact of deteriorated infrastructure.

Directs the Commission to develop recommendations regarding: (1) a federal infrastructure plan that will detail national infrastructure program priorities; (2) infrastructure improvements and methods of delivering and providing for infrastructure facilities; (3) analysis or criteria and procedures that may be used by federal agencies and state and local governments in inventorying existing and needed infrastructure improvements, assessing the condition of improvements, developing uniform criteria and procedures, and maintaining publicly accessible data; and (4) proposed guidelines for the uniform reporting by federal agencies of data regarding infrastructure improvements.

(Sec. 7) Requires the Commission to submit an interim report and a final report to the President and to specified congressional committees.

(Sec. 8) Makes funds available for each of FY2008-FY2010, at the Commission's request, from sums made available to the Secretary of Transportation (from any source other than the Highway Trust Fund), from the Corps of Engineers' General Expenses account, and from the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).

(Sec. 9) Terminates the Commission on September 30, 2010.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code and the Social Security Act, respectively, to increase the cash remuneration or employer expenditure thresholds for agricultural labor wage purposes.Amends the Code to provide for collection coordination of agricultural labor employment tax and income tax.
Berry Amendment Extension Act - Prohibits the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) from procuring specified covered items directly related to national security interests (including clothing, tents, or natural fiber products) that are not grown, reprocessed, reused, or produced in the United States, except to the extent satisfactory quality and sufficient quantity of any such product cannot be procured as and when needed.

Makes additional exceptions for: (1) procurements by vessels in foreign waters; (2) emergency procurements; and (3) purchases for amounts not greater than the simplified acquisition threshold ($100,000). Directs the Secretary to ensure that: (1) each member of DHS's acquisition workforce who regularly participates in textile acquisition receives training during FY2008 on this Act's requirements; and (2) any such training includes comprehensive information on such requirements. Makes this Act inapplicable to the extent that it is inconsistent with U.S. obligations under an international agreement.
Affordable Retirement Advice Protection Act This bill amends the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) to modify requirements related to fiduciaries and the provision of investment advice for employer-sponsored retirement plans. (Under current law, a person who provides investment advice has a fiduciary obligation that requires the person to provide advice in the sole interest of plan participants and beneficiaries.)   The bill defines &quot;investment advice&quot; as a recommendation that relates to:    the advisability of acquiring, holding, disposing, or exchanging any moneys or other property of a plan by the plan, participants, or beneficiaries, including any recommendation regarding whether to take a distribution of benefits from the plan or any recommendation relating to a rollover or distribution from such plan;   the management of moneys or other property of the plan, including recommendations relating to the management of plan assets to be rolled over or otherwise distributed from the plan; or   the advisability of retaining or ceasing to retain a person who would receive a fee or other compensation for providing investment advice.  Investment advice must be rendered pursuant to either: (1) a written acknowledgment of the obligation of the advisor to comply with fiduciary standards under ERISA; or (2) a mutual agreement, arrangement, or understanding that may include limitations on scope, timing, and responsibility to provide ongoing monitoring or advice services. The bill allows an exemption from ERISA prohibited transactions rules for investment advice if: (1) no more than reasonable compensation is paid for the advice, and (2) specified disclosures and notifications are provided to the recipient of advice that is based on a limited range of investment options or may result in variable income to the investment advisor.
Removing Excess Litigation Involving Energy on Federal Lands Act or the RELIEF Act - Establishes judicial procedures for causes and claims relating to any action or decision by a federal official regarding the leasing of federal lands (including submerged lands) for the exploration, development, production, processing, or transmitting of oil, natural gas, or any other source or form of energy.

Grants the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia exclusive jurisdiction to hear all causes and claims that arise from any covered energy project.
Alaska Timber Industry Fairness Act - Establishes a two-year grant program for retooling projects that are designed to facilitate the economic adjustment of specified timber entities by allowing them to: (1) improve or alter their business and practices to become more competitive within the timber industry; or (2) shift to a type of business that is not related to the timber industry.

Authorizes the Assistant Secretary for Economic Development of the Department of Commerce to provide grants under such program to any entity that operated in the timber industry in Alaska on January 1, 2008, that operated in Alaska for not less than 10 years, and that can demonstrate that it has been harmed by federal laws or regulations relating to the timber industry, including the United States Forest Service's policies and land management plans completed pursuant to National Environmental Policy Act of 1969.

Sets forth provisions concerning eligible uses of grant funding.

Treats a grant recipient as a small business concern owned or controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals (as that term is defined in the Small Business Act) for three years after the grant was approved.
Long-Term Care Affordability and Security Act of 2009 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) include long-term care insurance as a benefit under tax-exempt employee benefit cafeteria plans and flexible spending arrangements; and (2) extend certain consumer protections under the long-term care insurance model regulation promulgated by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners to all contracts for long-term care insurance.
First-Time Homebuyers' Tax Credit Act of 2009 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow an individual taxpayer who qualifies as a first-time homebuyer (i.e., an individual who had no ownership interest in a principal residence within the past two years) a one-time refundable credit for up to $20,000 of the purchase price of a principal residence. Reduces such credit for taxpayers with adjusted gross incomes exceeding $75,000 ($150,000 for married couples filing jointly).
District of Columbia and United States Territories Circulating Quarter Dollar Program Act - Amends Federal law to provide for the issuance of redesigned quarter dollars in 2009 honoring the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. Prohibits such design from bearing the head and shoulders portrait or bust of any person, living or dead, or any portrait of a living person.

Provides for: (1) flexibility of inscription placement; (2) design selection by the Secretary of the Treasury after consultation with the chief executive of the District of Columbia or the Territory, and the Commission of Fine Arts, and review by the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee; (3) treatment as numismatic items; (4) participation by District or territorial officials, artists from the District of Columbia or Territory, engravers of the United States Mint, and members of the general public; and (5) issuance as silver coins.
World Bank International Development Association Replenishment Act of 2009 - (Sec. 2) Defines "greenhouse gas" as carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, sulfur hexafluoride, a perfluorocarbon, or a hydrofluorocarbon.

(Sec. 3) Amends the International Financial Institutions Act to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to: (1) seek to ensure that multilateral development banks implement greenhouse gas accounting in analyzing the benefits and costs of individual projects, and expand their climate change mitigation activities; and (2) submit a related annual report to the appropriate congressional committees.

Expresses the sense of Congress that implementing greenhouse gas accounting includes: (1) calculating net greenhouse gas flows; (2) establishing uniform publicly available calculation techniques; (3) measuring individual project emissions; (4) considering global social costs when evaluating economic cost benefits; and (5) performing greenhouse gas accounting for each project.

(Sec. 4) Directs the Secretary to instruct the U.S. Executive Director at the World Bank to: (1) urge the Bank to help countries build capacity to investigate and punish corruption and crime in a manner consistent with well-established law enforcement and judicial norms; and (2) enhance programs that improve recipient countries' ability to prevent and prosecute fraud and corruption.

(Sec. 5) Directs the Secretary to instruct the U.S. Executive Director at each multilateral development bank to use U.S. influence to encourage assessments of inspection functions and to strengthen the inspection mechanism where appropriate.

(Sec. 6) Directs the Secretary to seek to ensure that multilateral development banks: (1) evaluate the development impact of selected bank projects and financing operations; and (2) use random assignment when feasible in conducting such evaluations.

Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) multilateral development banks should evaluate the development impact of selected bank projects and financing operations; (2) such evaluations should focus on building a body of research-proven approaches that have sustained impacts on important development outcomes and use random assignment when feasible; and (3) multilateral development banks should issue an annual report or similar publication.

(Sec. 7) Amends the International Development Association Act to authorize the U.S. Governor of the International Development Association to contribute to the 15th replenishment of the Association. Authorizes appropriations.

Authorizes the Secretary to contribute to the Association for debt relief funding under the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative in the period governed by the 15th replenishment of the Association. Authorizes appropriations.

Defines "Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative" as the proposal set out in the G8 Finance Ministers' Communique entitled "Conclusions on Development," done at London, June 11, 2005, and reaffirmed by G8 Heads of State at the Gleneagles Summit on July 8, 2005.

(Sec. 8) Directs the Secretary: (1) in coordination with the Secretary of State, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), and other federal agencies to study each agency's role in the formulation of U.S. policy regarding the World Bank Group; and (2) submit a related report to the appropriate congressional committees.
Amends the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of 1992 to repeal restrictions on certain plumbing products and appliances, including showerheads, faucets, water closets, and urinals.
National Commission on the Modernization of the United Nations Act of 2003 - Establishes the National Commission on the Modernization of the United Nations to study: (1) the extent of modernization of the organizational structure and practices of the United Nations (UN) that can be effectuated with and without changes to its Charter; (2) the principles to which member states should adhere and the consequences of a state espousing and enforcing values counter to the Charter; (3) the feasibility of mandating each member state to agree to adhere to the principles of UN membership, and to review the principles of the UN to determine whether the state should withdraw if the UN is not adhering to the Charter; (4) whether all states should have one vote in the General Assembly and whether the UN should be structured in a bicameral fashion; (5) whether auxiliary commissions and organizations of the UN should be funded by member dues, whether such entities drain resources away from the primary function of the UN, or whether member states can create and fund caucuses to deal with matters of common interest; (6) whether the UN should have a separate peacekeeping force, while identifying successes of past peacekeeping and humanitarian efforts; and (7) the credibility of resolutions when the UN does not mandate absolute obedience.
Bangladeshi Adjustment Act - Requires the Attorney General to adjust to lawful permanent resident alien the status of any national of Bangladesh who has been physically present in the United States for a continuous period between January 1, 1987, and the date an application for adjustment is filed, if the alien:  (1) applies for such adjustment before July 1, 2000; and (2) is otherwise admissible to the United States for permanent residence.  States that, in the determination of such admissibility, certain grounds for inadmissibility in the Immigration and Nationality Act shall not apply.  Allows an alien present in the United States to apply for such status adjustment even though he or she has been ordered excluded, deported, removed, or ordered to depart voluntarily from the United States.  Requires the Attorney General to cancel the order if the application is granted; but if the application is denied by a final administrative decision, the order shall be effective and enforceable to the same extent as if the application had not been made. 
Authorizes the Attorney General to:  (1) allow an alien who has applied for adjustment of status to engage in employment in the United States during the pendency of such application; and (2) provide the alien with an "employment authorized" endorsement or other appropriate document.  Requires the Attorney General to authorize such employment if such application is pending for a period exceeding 180 days, and has not been denied. 
Provides for the adjustment of status for spouses and children of such aliens. 
Outlines the availability of administrative review for applicants for adjustment of status as well as the preclusion of judicial review for final Attorney General determinations as to the adjustability of alien status.
Haiti Economic Recovery Opportunity Act of 2004 - Amends the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act to provide, beginning on October 1, 2003, and for each of the seven succeeding one-year periods, duty-free treatment for apparel items wholly assembled or knit-to-shape in Haiti (without regard to the country of origin of the fabrics, components, or yarns) if the President certifies to Congress that Haiti: (1) has established or is progressing toward specified political, economic, and social reforms; (2) does not engage in activities that undermine U.S. security or foreign policy; (3) does not engage in gross violations of human rights or activities in support of international terrorism; and (4) is meeting specified enforcement conditions aimed at preventing tariff or quota avoidance, customs evasion, unlawful transshipment, or false information or false document use in order to obtain such preferential treatment.

Applies such provisions to goods entered or withdrawn from a warehouse for consumption on or after October 1, 2003, including a retroactive application to certain warehouse entries or withdrawals made between such date and the date of enactment of this Act.
Requires the Secretary to: (1) establish procedures for improving methods to collect wage and hour data on hospital employees by occupational category; and (2) revise the methods used to adjust payments to hospitals for different area wage levels to ensure that such data are taken into account.
Federal Agency Customer Experience Act of 2017 (Sec. 2) This bill expresses the sense of Congress that all agencies should strive to provide high-quality, courteous, effective, and efficient services and seek to measure, collect, report, and utilize metrics relating to the experience of persons interacting with them to continually improve services. (Sec. 4) The bill amends the Paperwork Reduction Act to exempt the collection of information by an agency that is voluntary feedback from the agency's authority to prescribe policies, rules, regulations, and procedures for federal information resources management activities. &quot;Voluntary feedback&quot; is defined as any submission of information, opinion, or concern voluntarily made by a specific person relating to a particular service of or transaction with an agency that is specifically solicited by that agency. (Sec. 5) Each agency that solicits voluntary feedback shall, among other things, ensure that:   responses to the solicitation remain anonymous,  person who decline to participate shall not be treated differently by the agency for purposes of providing services or information,  the voluntary nature of the solicitation is clear, and   the proposed solicitation of voluntary feedback will contribute to improved customer service.  (Sec. 6) Each agency shall collect voluntary feedback with respect to its services and transactions. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB), in coordination with the General Services Administration, shall develop a set of standardized questions for use by agencies in collecting feedback, which shall address:  overall satisfaction of persons with the specific interaction or service received, the extent to which such persons were able to accomplish their intended purpose, whether such persons were treated with respect and professionalism, and  whether such persons believe they were served in a timely manner.  Each agency shall: (1) collect voluntary feedback across all platforms or channels through which it interacts with persons to deliver information or services, (2) publish on its website and submit to the OMB a report that includes the voluntary feedback required to be collected, and (3) regularly publish an aggregated report on the solicitation of voluntary feedback. The OMB shall maintain on a publicly available website links to the information provided on the agency websites.  (Sec. 7) The Government Accountability Office shall, by 15 months after the date on which all agencies have submitted the first annual reports and every 2 years thereafter until 10 years after such date, make publicly available and submit to Congress a scorecard report assessing the data collected and reported by the agencies.
Taxpayers Right-To-Know Act - (Sec. 2) Sets forth additional information relating to a federal program that the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) is required to include on its website and update at least annually, including: (1) the total administrative cost of the program and the expenditures for services for the program for the previous fiscal year; (2) an estimate of the number of clients served by the program and beneficiaries who received assistance under the program for the previous fiscal year; (3) an estimate, for the previous fiscal year, of the number of full-time federal employees who administer the program and the number of full-time employees whose salary is paid in part or in full by the federal government through a grant or contract or other form of financial assistance; (4) an identification of the specific statute that authorizes the program and whether such authorization is expired; (5) any finding of duplication or overlap; and (6) any program performance reviews for such program.  Requires the OMB Director, not later than February 1 of each fiscal year, to publish on the OMB website the total amount of undisbursed grant funding remaining in grant accounts for which the period of availability to the grantee has expired.  (Sec. 3) Amends the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 to require the Comptroller General (GAO) to maintain and provide regular annual updates to a publicly available website that tracks the status of agency responses to recommendations by the Comptroller General for identifying duplicative government programs.  (Sec. 4) Declares that nothing in this Act shall be construed to require the disclosure of classified information.  (Sec. 5) Requires the OMB Director to implement this Act not later than one year after its enactment. Prohibits the authorization of additional funds to carry out the requirements of this Act. 
Alternative Dispute Resolution and Settlement Encouragement Act - Amends the Judicial Improvements and Access to Justice Act with respect to Federal district court arbitration programs to:  (1) authorize permanent appropriations; (2) require all district courts to establish by local rule such programs for civil and bankruptcy actions; and (3) increase the monetary ceiling of actions that courts may require to be arbitrated. 
(Sec. 3) Amends the Federal judicial code to set forth an offer of settlement procedure in Federal civil diversity litigation. 
(Sec. 4) Amends rule 702 of the Federal Rules of Evidence to:  (1) establish a standard for the admissibility of expert scientific testimony; and (2) make such testimony inadmissible if the witness is entitled to any compensation based upon the legal disposition of any claim related to such testimony.
Solar Utilization Now Demonstration Act of 2007 or the SUN Act of 2007 - Directs the Secretary of Energy to establish a program of grants to states to demonstrate advanced photovoltaic technology.
North Korea Sanctions and Diplomatic Nonrecognition Act of 2010 - Continues diplomatic, economic, and military sanctions against the government of North Korea as a supporter of international terrorism until the President certifies to Congress that North Korea: (1) is no longer engaged in the illegal transfer of missile or nuclear technology, particularly to Iran and Syria; (2) is not assisting foreign terrorist organizations, engaged in counterfeiting U.S. currency, or engaged in illicit narcotics traffic; (3) has released specified U.S. citizens, Japanese nationals, and surviving Korean War prisoners of war; and (4) has undertaken specified actions regarding family reunification, penal reforms, refugee access, and religious organization communications.

Expresses the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State should redesignate North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism.

Finds that the United States did not grant diplomatic recognition to North Korea upon its establishment as a client regime of the former Soviet Union in 1948.

Continues diplomatic nonrecognition of North Korea until such benchmarks have been met.

Directs the President, in the case of a North Korean missile, rocket, or other airborne launch or the conducting of a nuclear test in violation of U.N. Security Council Resolutions 1695, 1718, and 1874, to instruct the U.S. Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use U.S. influence to secure adoption of a Security Council resolution condemning North Korea's action and requiring implementation of comprehensive sanctions against North Korea.
Puerto Rico Democracy Act of 2006 - Directs the Puerto Rico State Elections Commission to conduct a plebiscite in Puerto Rico during the 110th Congress, giving voters the option to vote for continued U.S. territorial status or for a path toward a constitutionally viable permanent nonterritorial status. Provides for subsequent procedures, depending on ballot results.

 Authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to allocate certain funds for the self-determination process.
Green Chemistry Research and Development Act of 2005 - Directs the President to establish a Green Chemistry Research and Development Program to promote and coordinate Federal research, development, demonstration, education, and technology transfer activities related to green chemistry.

 Requires the President to establish an Interagency Working Group to oversee the planning, management, and coordination of the Program.

 Amends the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act to provide for the Regional Centers for the Transfer of Manufacturing Technology to enhance productivity and technological performance in U.S. manufacturing through the enabling of supply chain manufacturers to continuously make improvements with the aim of reducing or eliminating the use or generation of hazardous substances.

 Requires the Director of the National Science Foundation to carry out a program to award grants to institutions of higher education to support their efforts to revise their undergraduate curriculum in chemistry and chemical engineering to incorporate green chemistry concepts and strategies.

Requires such Director to enter into an arrangement with the National Research Council to conduct a study of, and report on, the factors that constitute barriers to the successful commercial application of promising results from green chemistry research and development.

Directs the agencies participating in the Program to carry out a joint, coordinated program to award grants to institutions of higher education to establish partnerships with companies in the chemical industry to retrain chemists and chemical engineers in the use of green chemistry concepts and strategies.
Amends the Communications Act of 1934 (the Act) to repeal a provision which prohibits a State or local government from regulating the placement, construction, and modification of personal wireless service facilities on the basis of environmental effects of radio frequency emissions to the extent that such facilities comply with Federal Communications Commission (FCC) regulations concerning such emissions.  Requires, in an action in which a person is seeking to place, construct, or modify a telecommunications facility, that such person bear the burden of proof as to the necessity of such placement, construction, or modification.  Prohibits the FCC from adopting as a final rule a specified proposed rule which preempts State and local authority over the placement of broadcast transmission facilities. 
States that no provision of the Act may be interpreted to: (1) authorize any person or entity to place, construct, or modify telecommunications facilities in a manner inconsistent with State or local law if alternative technology is capable of delivering the broadcast or telecommunications signals without the use of a tower; or (2) prohibit a State or local government from requiring the production of safety and interference studies with respect to such facilities. 
Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out an independent assessment of the effects of radio frequency emission on human health.  Authorizes appropriations.
Infertility Coverage for Federal Employees, Military Personnel, and their Families Act - Requires any health benefits plan under the Federal Employees Health Benefit Program or TRICARE (a Department of Defense managed health care program) that provides obstetrical benefits to also provide coverage for the diagnosis and treatment of infertility, including nonexperimental assisted reproductive technology procedures.
Safe Communities and Safe Schools Mercury Reduction Act of 2005 - Requires the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to establish a grant program for projects to: (1) reduce free-flowing elemental mercury and mercury-added products from the environment; (2) safely dispose of or recycle mercury; (3) educate communities and citizens about mercury's harmful effects; (4) develop and carry out a plan for eliminating free-flowing mercury and instruments containing mercury from K-12 public and private schools; (5) carry out a mercury thermometer exchange program; or (6) facilitate the recovery, and safe disposal and management, of mercury-added components from automobiles.

Directs the Administrator to encourage States to develop programs that facilitate the recovery and safe disposal and management of mercury-added component parts from automobiles when components are being replaced or removed from scrapped vehicles.

Amends the Solid Waste Disposal Act to: (1) prohibit the sale or supplying of mercury fever thermometers to consumers except by prescription; and (2) require manufacturers of such prescribed thermometers to provide instructions on careful handling to avoid breakage and proper cleanup in the event of breakage. Requires contractors who replace building thermostats in residential or commercial buildings to dispose of replaced thermometers through recycling programs established or participated in by building thermostat manufacturers as required by this Act.

Requires the Administrator to publish guidance to assist State and local governments in removing elemental free-flowing mercury and mercury-added instruments from public and private schools.

Directs the Administrator to issue regulations requiring dentists to capture 90 percent or more of mercury-laden amalgam when administering amalgam to or recovering amalgam from patients. Sets forth considerations that such guidelines shall take into account.
(Sec. 4) Authorizes the Board, for an employee whose basic pay equals or exceeds the minimum rate for GS-10 of the General Schedule, to establish an overtime hourly rate of time-and-a-half (which shall be considered premium pay), up to a specified annual limit, with respect to work performed at the scene of an accident (including travel to or from the scene) and other work critical to an accident investigation. Limits the total amount of overtime pay that can be paid out in any given fiscal year.
(Sec. 5) Extends to cockpit video recordings or written depictions of visual information the same disclosure limitations and requirements (including those applicable to discovery and use of such recordings or written depictions in judicial proceedings) that apply to cockpit voice recordings or transcripts of them. Extends such disclosure limitations and requirements to surface vehicle voice or video recorder recordings or transcripts of oral communications by or among drivers, train employees, or other operating employees responsible for the movement and direction of the vehicle or vessel, or between such operating employees and company communication centers, related to an accident investigated by the Board.
(Sec. 6) Revises the Board's current investigative priority over other Federal agencies to require the Board to relinquish such priority to the Federal Bureau of Investigation if the Attorney General determines that circumstances reasonably indicate that the accident may have been caused by an intentional criminal act. Requires the Board to take necessary actions to ensure that evidence is preserved if a Federal law enforcement agency suspects and notifies the Board that an accident the Board is investigating may have been caused by an intentional criminal act.
(Sec. 7) Revises the duties and powers of the Board with respect to accidents involving public aircraft.
(Sec. 8) Requires the Board and the U.S. Coast Guard to revise their Memorandum of Understanding governing major marine accidents to: (1) to redefine or clarify the standards used to determine when the Board will lead an investigation; and (2) develop new standards to determine when a major marine accident involves significant safety issues relating to Coast Guard safety functions.
(Sec. 9) Directs the Chairman of the Board to establish annual fiscal year budgets for approved non-accident-related travel expenditures for Board members, and report annually to specified congressional committees on the non-accident-related travel of each Board member, with separate accounting for foreign and domestic travel.
(Sec. 10) Requires the Board Chairman to designate an officer or employee of the Board as the Chief Financial Officer, who shall perform specified duties.
(Sec. 11) Directs the Board to develop and implement comprehensive internal audit controls for its financial programs based on the findings and recommendations of the private sector audit firm contract entered into by the Board in March, 2000. Requires the improved internal audit controls, at a minimum, to address Board asset management systems, including systems for accounting management, debt collection, travel, and property and inventory management and control.
(Sec. 12) Grants the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation authority to review only the Board's financial management, property management, and business operations.
(Sec. 13) Authorizes appropriations for the Board through FY 2002. Increases from $1 million to $2 million the Board's emergency fund for accident investigations.
(Sec. 14) Requires the Secretary in determining whether a pilot meets certain aeronautical experience requirements for a pilot certificate or rating to take into account time spent by such pilot operating a public aircraft that meets certain criteria.
(Sec. 16) Declares that the publication by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) of an interim final rule concerning Fees for FAA Services for Certain Flights (Docket No. FAA-00-7018) in the Federal Register of June 6, 2000, shall be deemed in compliance with certain publication and public comment requirements.
(Sec. 17) Sets forth requirements with respect to: (1) the continuation of sale prices (in effect as of September 30, 2000) for aeronautical maps and charts produced by the Office of Aeronautical Charting and Cartography of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and (2) the crediting of amounts received from the sale of aeronautical charts and related products and services.
Directs the Secretary of Commerce, on determining sufficient manufacturer interest, to contract for the establishment of a three-year toll-free number pilot program, funded entirely by manufacturers, to inform consumers whether a product is made in America or the equivalent.  Provides for voluntary product registration by manufacturers and collection from manufacturers of fees sufficient to cover registration costs.  Imposes penalties for knowingly registering a product that is not American made.
States that consideration may include land or improvements, and permits a cash equalization payment exceeding 25 percent of the exchanged land.
Grants right of first refusal to purchase the Bend Pine Nursery to the Bend Metro Park and Recreation District in Deschutes County, Oregon.
(Sec. 4) Requires proceeds to be deposited in the fund established under the Sisk Act. Makes the proceeds from any such sale available to the Secretary without further appropriations Act for: (1) acquisition, construction, or improvement of visitor and  administrative facilities and land in connection with the Deschutes National Forest; (2) construction of a bunkhouse facility in the Umatilla National Forest; and (3) acquisition of land and land interests in Oregon.
(Sec. 5) Authorizes the Secretary to use such proceeds or other funds subsequently made available to acquire, construct, or improve administrative facilities and related land in connection with the Deschutes National Forest System.
(Sec. 6) Authorizes appropriations.
Social Security Surplus Preservation and Debt Reduction Act - Amends the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to make it out of order in the House of Representatives or the Senate to consider a concurrent budget resolution (or amendment thereto or conference report thereon) that violates a provision of the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990 that provides that the receipts and disbursements of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors and Disability Insurance Trust Funds (social security trust funds) shall not be counted for purposes of the presidential or congressional budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act). 
Makes it out of order in the House or the Senate to consider any legislation that would: (1) increase the limit on the public debt under the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act; or (2) provide additional borrowing authority that would result in such limit being exceeded. 
Makes it out of order in the House or the Senate to consider a concurrent budget resolution (or amendment thereto or conference report thereon) that sets forth a deficit for any fiscal year.  Makes such point of order inapplicable if: (1) the public debt limit is suspended; or (2) the deficit for a fiscal year results solely from the enactment of retirement security reform legislation or provisions designated as emergency requirements. 
Includes the level of public debt in the required content of the concurrent budget resolution.  Requires the budget resolution to specify the amounts by which the limit on such debt is to be changed and direct the committee having jurisdiction to recommend such change. 
Amends the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act to set forth: (1) limits on the public debt for specified periods through April 30, 2010; and (2) estimated levels of social security surpluses through FY 2009. 
Provides for adjustments to the public debt limit based on actual social security surpluses and emergency requirements.  Prohibits such adjustments if those for the current year are less than the on-budget surplus for the year before the current year. 
Suspends the public debt limit in cases of low economic growth or war. 
Provides for an adjustment to the public debt limit if retirement security reform legislation is enacted. 
Sunsets this Act on April 30, 2010.
Justice for Victims of Corporate Fraud Act - Directs the Securities Exchange Commission to establish an allocation system for any disgorgement fund that has been established pursuant to an order for an accounting and disgorgement of funds, and which is designated for victims of securities laws violations committed by either a corporation or its auditing firm.Grants first priority to former employees of the corporation who participated in an individual account plan established by such corporation.Declares that civil penalties collected in the SEC enforcement proceeding shall be added to the disgorgement fund. Amends the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to permit transfer of certain Federal campaign contributions into the disgorgement fund as well.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to exclude from the gross income of an employee: (1) shares of stock received from an employer in a qualified employee stock distribution not exceeding the lowest number of shares received by any employee in such distribution; (2) any gain on such stock if held by such employee for not less than 10 years, and (3) in the case of any qualified disposition of stock that meets such holding requirement, any gain on so much stock acquired during the 60-day period beginning on the date of such disposition as does not exceed the fair market value of the stock so disposed.

.
Native American Indian Education Act Directs the Department of Education to pay four-year Native American-serving nontribal institutions of higher education the out-of-state tuition of their Indian students if those schools are required to provide a tuition-free education, with the support of their state, to Indian students in fulfillment of a condition under which the college or state received its original grant of land and facilities from the federal government.  Prohibits the amount paid to any such college from exceeding the lower of the following amounts: (1) the charges for tuition for the Indian students of that college who were non-residents of the state in which the college is located and who were enrolled in the college for academic year 2014-2015, or (2) $15 million.  Treats such payments as reimbursements to such institutions from their states. Rescinds unobligated discretionary appropriations to offset the costs of this program.
Ballistic Imaging Evaluation and Study Act of 2001 - Directs the Attorney General to enter into an arrangement with the National Research Council (NRC) of the National Academy of Sciences to study the effectiveness of ballistic imaging technology. Prohibits a State from using Federal funds for ballistic imaging technology until the NRC report is transmitted to Congress. Authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury, at a State's request, to waive such prohibition upon a showing that the use would be in the national interest.
Renewable Fuel Pipelines Act of 2009 - Amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to allow federally-guaranteed loans for renewable fuel pipeline construction without regard to whether an appropriation for the cost has been made. Includes ethanol and biodiesel as renewable fuel.

Allows a maximum guarantee by the Secretary of Energy of 90% of the project cost and more than one guarantee for a project (as long as the total guaranteed amount does not exceed 90%).

Sets forth factors to be considered in guarantee determinations, including volume and quality of fuel, size of markets served, experience of the entity working with renewable fuel, and associated storage, production, and terminal facilities.

Authorizes an entity implementing a fuel pipeline project for which a guarantee is made, when such entity is unable to acquire the necessary right-of-way to construct, operate, and maintain pipelines and the necessary land or property for the location of pump stations, pressure apparatus, and other necessary facilities or equipment by contract, to acquire what is necessary through eminent domain if determined by the Secretary to be necessary or desirable in the public interest.

Authorizes the Secretary to provide grants for renewable fuel pipeline projects to assist in carrying out permit acquisition, planning, and other preparatory activities in advance of participation in the guarantee program. Limits the sum of grants and amounts guaranteed for a project that receives both to 90% of the project's cost.
Requires the Secretary of the Interior to take specified Settlement Lands into trust for the benefit of the Wyandotte Nation as part of the settlement of claims in a certain lawsuit of the Wyandotte Nation against the United Government of Kansas City and Wyandotte County, Kansas. Extinguishes any and all claims which the Wyandotte Nation has or could have asserted in the lawsuit upon specified conditions being met.Denies the Wyandotte Nation gaming rights on the Shriner's Property, a property already held in trust for it by the United States, upon specified conditions being met.
Drinking Water Protection Act - Amends the Safe Drinking Water Act to direct the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to develop and submit to Congress a strategic plan for assessing and managing risks associated with cyanotoxins in drinking water provided by public water systems. (Cyanotoxins are naturally occurring toxins produced by cyanobacteria, also known as blue-green algae.) Requires the plan to include steps and time lines to:  evaluate the risk to human health from drinking water contaminated with cyanotoxins;  establish, publish, and update a comprehensive list of cyanotoxins that are harmful to human health;  summarize the known adverse human health effects of cyanotoxins and the factors that cause cyanobacteria to grow rapidly and make toxins;  determine whether to publish health advisories for harmful cyanotoxins and establish relevant guidance;  recommend feasible treatment options; and  enter into cooperative agreements with, and provide technical assistance to, affected states and public water systems to manage risks associated with cyanotoxins.    
Responsible Homeowner Refinancing Act of 2012 - Requires the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) (government sponsored enterprises or GSEs), in carrying out the Home Affordable Refinance Program, to adopt specified criteria pertaining to: (1) borrower eligibility, (2) representations and warranties, (3) prohibition on up-front fees, (4) alternative streamlined methods to determine the value of a property, (5) the purchase or guarantee of any new mortgage resulting from the refinancing of an eligible mortgage, and (6) guarantee fees.

Requires the GSEs to notify all borrowers with a mortgage owned or guaranteed by a GSE about the Program and its eligibility criteria, and inform borrowers of the website required below.

Directs the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) to establish a single website where borrowers may: (1) determine their potential eligibility for participation in the Program, (2) see a complete list of and links to qualified lenders, (3) use a mortgage refinance calculator to calculate potential payment savings based on different interest rates, and (4) obtain tips on refinancing their loan.

Directs the Director of FHFA to issue guidance to require the GSEs to make their refinancing guidelines consistent to ease the compliance requirements of qualified lenders, and in particular with respect to loans with less than 80% loan-to-value ratio and closing cost policies of the GSEs, which regulations or guidance shall be put into effect not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Acts.
Veterans Nonprofit Research and Education Corporations Enhancement Act of 2009 - Amends federal provisions concerning the establishment at Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) medical facilities of nonprofit research and education corporations (NRECs) to allow an NREC to facilitate the conduct of research or education, or both, at more than one VA medical center. States that such an NREC shall be known as a multi-medical center research corporation (MCRC).

Allows an NREC to act as a MCRC if: (1) the NREC board of directors approve a resolution permitting that NREC to act as a MCRC; and (2) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs approves the resolution.

Requires each NREC and MCRC (corporation) to be established in accordance with the nonprofit corporation laws of the state in which the VA medical center which it supports is located. States that neither such corporation shall be considered to be owned by, or an agent or instrumentality of, the United States.

Restates the purposes of the corporations.

Modifies the composition of, and standards applicable to, corporation boards of directors, including by changing applicable conflict of interest requirements.

Expands the required areas of experience or expertise with respect to non-VA members of corporation boards of directors.

Increases authorized corporate powers of the corporations to include entering into contracts and setting fees for education and training facilitated through a corporation.

Revises audit requirements to require submission of an Internal Revenue Service return form applicable to organizations exempt from income tax.
.  SEC Regulatory Accountability Act This bill amends the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), before issuing a regulation under the securities laws, to:  identify the nature and source of the problem that the proposed regulation is designed to address in order to assess whether any new regulation is warranted; use the SEC Chief Economist to assess the costs and benefits of the intended regulation and adopt it only upon a reasoned determination that its benefits justify the costs; identify and assess available alternatives that were considered; and ensure that any regulation is accessible, consistent, written in plain language, and easy to understand.  The SEC shall:  consider the impact of the regulation upon investor choice, market liquidity, and small business; and explain in its final rule the nature of comments received concerning the proposed rule or rule change as well as its response to those comments.  The SEC shall: (1) review its existing regulations periodically to determine if they are outmoded, ineffective, insufficient, or excessively burdensome; and (2) modify, streamline, expand, or repeal them. Whenever it adopts or amends a major rule, the SEC shall state in its adopting release the regulation's purposes and intended consequences, the post-implementation quantitative and qualitative metrics to measure the regulation's economic impact, the assessment plan to be used under the supervision of the Chief Economist to assess whether the regulation has achieved those purposes, and any foreseeable unintended or negative consequences. The assessment plan must: (1) consider the regulation's costs, benefits, and intended and unintended consequences; and (2) specify the data to be collected, the methods for its collection and analysis, and an assessment completion date. The bill expresses the sense of Congress that the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board should also follow the requirements set forth by this bill.
Diabetic Retinopathy Prevention Act of 2003 - Amends the Social Security Act to provide Medicare and Medicaid coverage for remote assessment diabetic retinopathy procedures.

Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a mobile diabetic retinopathy screening pilot program with five eligible entities (hospitals, States, Indian or local governments, institutions of higher education, nonprofit health organizations, or certain community health centers) serving patients primarily in rural underserved areas.
Marketplace Fairness Act of 2013 - Authorizes each member state under the Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement (the multistate agreement for the administration and collection of sales and use taxes adopted on November 12, 2002) to require all sellers not qualifying for a small-seller exception (applicable to sellers with annual gross receipts in total U.S. remote sales not exceeding $1 million) to collect and remit sales and use taxes with respect to remote sales under provisions of the Agreement, but only if such Agreement includes minimum simplification requirements relating to the administration of the tax, audits, and streamlined filing. Defines "remote sale" as a sale of goods or services into a state in which the seller would not legally be required to pay, collect, or remit state or local sales and use taxes unless provided by this Act.
National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act Amendments of 1998 - Amends the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act (the Act) to expand the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation's authority to accept and administer private gifts within the Departments of Commerce and the Interior. 
(Sec. 3) Increases the Foundation's Board of Directors from 15 to 25 members, including the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. 
(Sec. 4) Authorizes the Foundation to have its principal offices in Washington, D.C. (as currently provided), or in the bordering counties of Maryland and Virginia. 
Sets forth conditions for the Foundation to:  (1) acquire and convey property, including agency approval; and (2) invest and deposit Federal funds. 
Revises provisions relating to agency approval of acquisitions of property and of conveyances and grants.  Sets forth limitations relating to the Foundation's:  (1) reconveyance of real property; and (2) expenditures for printing services or capital equipment. 
Repeals an exemption from State or local government condemnation for Foundation lands, water, and interests valuable for fish and wildlife conservation or management. 
Amends the Wild Bird Conservation Act of 1992 to repeal specified grant and audit provisions with respect to the Foundation. 
(Sec. 5) Authorizes appropriations through FY 2003 for the Departments of Commerce and the Interior to carry out activities under the Act.  Authorizes the Foundation to accept funds from a Federal agency under any other Federal law to further its conservation activities.  Sets forth matching fund requirements. 
Prohibits Foundation grants from being used for litigation expenses or for lobbying the Congress. 
(Sec. 6) Declares that nothing in the Act authorizes the Foundation to perform any function for which authority is provided to the National Park Foundation by specified Federal law.
Health Care Access for Small Businesses Act of 2004 - Amends the Social Security Act to create a new title XXII to address health insurance coverage for small businesses.

Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, to award grants for the startup and operation of 50 eligible three-share (three-way health insurance premium sharing between employer, employee, and the community) pilot programs for a five-year period.

Authorizes the use of grants to establish three-share programs, provide for contributions to premiums assessed for coverage under such programs, and establish risk pools.

Requires grant applicants to: (1) be either nonprofits or local governmental entities; (2) define the program's service region; (3) have the capacity to carry out administrative functions associated with managing health plans; and (4) have demonstrated community involvement.

Requires programs to pay for the costs of services through monthly premiums, divided according to specified percentages.

Sets forth minimal coverage requirements for three-share program eligibility.

Requires the Administrator to develop a formula to determine which businesses qualify as distressed businesses for purposes of this Act.

Directs the General Accounting Office to submit a report to the Secretary and appropriate congressional committees after the grant period has ended.
Approves, with specified exceptions, the agreement and appendices signed by the United States and the Republic of Palau on September 3, 2010, in connection with the Compact of Free Association between the United States and Palau. Provides that, if Palau withdraws more than $5 million from the trust fund set up by the Compact in any of FY2011-FY2014, certain amounts will be withheld from Palau until it reimburses the fund for the total amounts withdrawn that exceeded $5 million in any of those fiscal years.  Authorizes appropriations to: (1) subsidize postal services to Palau, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Federated States of Micronesia for FY2014-FY2024, and (2) carry out specified federal responsibilities under the Compact. Repeals specified offset requirements. Provides funding through FY2023 for: (1) the trust fund, and (2) economic assistance.  Provides funding through FY2024 to create an Infrastructure Maintenance Fund for routine and periodic maintenance of major capital improvement projects. (Requires Palau to provide specified quarterly amounts for the Fund.) Provides funding through FY2016 for infrastructure projects. Revises passport requirements.
Medical Laboratory Personnel Shortage Act of 2005 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a scholarship and loan repayment program to alleviate the shortage of medical laboratory personnel.

Requires the Secretary: (1) when awarding grants and contracts under programs designed to increase the number of allied health professionals, to give preference to assisting entities in expanding or establishing programs to increase the number of individuals trained as medical laboratory personne; and (2) to issue public service announcements that promote medical laboratory personnel careers. Directs the Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Service Administration (HRSA) and in collaboration with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), to make grants for training to increase the number of cytotechnologists available for cervical cancer screening. Provides for giving emphasis in the training of allied heath professionals, for which Federal payments may be provided under a cooperative agreement or grant from the Director of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, to the training of medical laboratory personnel in disciplines in which more personnel are needed.
Bombing Prevention Act - 
Title I:  General Reforms
 - Amends the Federal criminal code to prohibit the transport, shipment, or receipt of explosive materials without a permit or the distribution of explosive materials to anyone other than a licensee or permittee. 
Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to notify the States of the regulations so that they may consider revising their explosives laws. 
(Sec. 102) Requires applicants for licenses and user permits to import, manufacture, or deal in explosive materials to provide fingerprints and a photograph.  Sets fees of up to $200 for an applicant for a license and up to $100 for an applicant for a permit.  (Currently, the fee is up to $200 for each license or permit.) 
(Sec. 103)  Authorizes the Secretary to use the national instant criminal background check system established under the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to investigate applicants for licenses or permits. 
(Sec. 104) Repeals exceptions from specified explosive materials requirements with respect to components of small arms ammunition and small quantities of black powder or smokeless powder. 
(Sec. 105) Directs the U.S. Sentencing Commission to promulgate amendments to the sentencing guidelines to appropriately enhance the penalties for violations of Federal explosive materials provisions so that such penalties are the same as those for comparable violations of Federal firearms laws. 
(Sec. 106) Permits:  (1) the destruction of seized explosives that are unsafe under specified circumstances; and (2) the owner to apply to the Secretary for reimbursement of any destroyed property where the claimant establishes that the seizure was wrongful. 
(Sec. 107) Subjects to civil forfeiture (with exceptions) any property involved in a violation of explosive materials provisions, or in a conspiracy to commit such a violation, and any other property traceable to such property. 
Directs the court to order a person convicted of a violation of Federal explosive materials provisions or of conspiring to commit such a violation to forfeit any property involved and any traceable property. 
Title II:  Plastic Explosives
 - Prohibits the manufacture, import, export, shipment, transport, transfer, receipt, or possession of any plastic explosive which does not contain a detection agent (with exceptions).  Authorizes the Secretary to investigate violations.  Directs the Attorney General to exercise authority over such violations only when they are committed by a member of a terrorist or revolutionary group (in which case the Attorney General shall have primary investigative responsibility and the Secretary shall assist as requested). 
Prohibits any person possessing any plastic explosive, other than an agency of the United States or the National Guard of any State, from failing to report to the Secretary the quantity of such explosive possessed, the manufacturer or importer, and any identifying marks on such explosives. 
(Sec. 203) Provides for a fine and up to ten years' imprisonment for violations of Federal explosive materials laws. 
(Sec. 204) Sets forth affirmative defenses for Federal explosive materials laws.
Federal Facilities Clean Water Compliance Act of 1997 - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to require each Federal department, agency, and instrumentality to be subject to and comply with all Federal, State, and local requirements with respect to the control and abatement of water pollution and management in the same manner and extent as any person is subject to such requirements, including the payment of reasonable service charges.  Waives immunity of the United States with respect to any such requirements. 
Absolves Federal employees of personal liability for civil penalties under water pollution control laws for acts or omissions within the scope of official duties.  Makes Federal employees subject to criminal sanctions under Federal or State water pollution laws, but prohibits applying criminal sanctions to Federal agencies. 
Authorizes the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Secretary of the Army, and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to pursue enforcement actions under this Act.  Allows States to use funds collected from the Federal Government under this Act only for projects designed to improve or protect the environment or to defray the costs of environmental protection or enforcement. 
Includes Federal agencies within the definition of "person" for purposes of such Act.
Shelter, Land, and Urban Management (SLUM) Assistance Act of 2009 - Directs the President, through the Secretary of State and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), to develop a strategy to provide affordable housing and sustainable urban development in developing countries.

Authorizes the President to provide technical assistance and financial support to developing countries for: (1) basic shelter and affordable housing, particularly for residents of impoverished urban areas; (2) safe water, sanitation, and solid waste removal services; (3) real property use and ownership rights; and (4) governmental urban planning.
Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals Judgeship and Reorganization Act of 2003 - Divides the current U.S. Court of Appeals for the ninth circuit into: (1) the ninth circuit, composed of Arizona, California, and Nevada, consisting of 24 judges, and holding regular sessions in San Francisco, Pasadena, and Phoenix; and (2) the twelfth circuit, composed of Alaska, Guam, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Northern Mariana Islands, Oregon, and Washington, consisting of nine judges, and holding regular sessions in Portland and Seattle.

Directs the President to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate: (1) two additional circuit judges for the former ninth circuit court of appeals, whose official duty stations shall be in Arizona, California, or Nevada, and three additional circuit judges for the new ninth circuit court of appeals (who shall not be appointed before January 21, 2005); and (2) two temporary additional circuit judges for the former ninth circuit court of appeals). Directs that each circuit judge of the former ninth circuit who is in regular active service and whose official duty station on the day before this Act's effective date is in Arizona, California, or Nevada be a circuit judge of the new ninth circuit as of such effective date. Requires that each such judge whose duty station on such date is in Alaska, Guam, Hawaii, Idaho, or Washington be a circuit judge of the twelfth circuit. Allows each judge who is a senior circuit judge of the former ninth circuit on the day before this Act's effective date to elect to be assigned to the new ninth or twelfth circuit. (Requires each such judge to notify the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts of such election.) Provides that the seniority of each judge assigned, or elected to be assigned, shall run from the date of commission as a judge of the former ninth circuit. Authorizes certain temporary assignment in the public interest of circuit judges and district judges between circuits.
H-Prize Act of 2006 - Directs the Secretary of Energy to award competitive cash prizes biennially to advance the research, development, demonstration, and commercial application of hydrogen energy technologies.

Instructs the Secretary to encourage broad participation, including by individuals, universities (including minority-serving institutions), and large and small businesses (including those owned or controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged persons).

Directs the Secretary enter into an agreement with a private, nonprofit entity to administer the prize competitions.

States that funding sources for such cash prizes shall consist of federal appropriated funds and funds provided by the administering entity.

Designates prize-eligible categories, including: (1) advancements in certain hydrogen components or systems; (2) prototypes of hydrogen-powered vehicles or other hydrogen-based products that meet or exceed certain performance criteria; and (3) transformational changes in technologies for hydrogen distribution or production that meet or exceed far-reaching criteria.



Declares that the federal government shall not, by virtue of offering or awarding a prize under this Act, be entitled to any intellectual property rights derived as a consequence of, or direct relation to, the participation by a registered participant in a competition authorized by this Act.
Assisting Family Farmers through Insurance Reform Measures Act or AFFIRM Act - Amends the Federal Crop Insurance Act to prohibit the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation (FCIC) from paying a part of the crop insurance premium for additional coverage for any person or legal entity that has an average adjusted gross income in excess of $250,000. Caps: (1) the rate of return for all crop insurance providers combined for the 2013 and subsequent reinsurance years at 12% of retained premium, and (2) total reimbursements for administrative and operating costs for the 2013 insurance year for all types of policies and plans of insurance at $900 million. Requires that any renegotiated Standard Reinsurance Agreement, when compared to the immediately preceding Agreement, shall reduce FCIC obligations. Requires annual disclosure to the public of specified crop insurance premium subsidy information. 
Increasing Homeownership Opportunities Act - Amends the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act and the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act to increase limitations on the maximum original principal obligation of mortgages that may purchased by the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Association (Freddie Mac).

Increases such limitations in areas where 125% (currently, 115%) of the median price of residences of a particular size exceed existing mortgage purchase limitations for such residence size.

Gives the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) discretion to increase existing mortgage purchase limitations where an increase is warranted by higher median home prices in an area or sub-area and will have a significant impact on the cost or availability of mortgages for such homes.

Amends the National Housing Act to raise limitations on the maximum principal obligation of mortgages that may be insured by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).

Gives the Secretary discretion to increase mortgage insurance limitations where an increase is warranted by higher median home prices in an area or sub-area and will have a significant impact on the cost or availability of mortgages for such homes.
Authorizes a court to grant injunctive relief for violations of this Act, as well as damages for willful violations, and an order for delivery and destruction of any articles of the defendant which constitute a willful violation.
Waives sovereign immunity for the Federal Government to grant private citizens and corporate entities the right to bring an action for trademark infringement against the United States, its agencies, and any entities or persons acting for the United States.
Declares that in an action for trade dress infringement, where the matter sought to be protected is not registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the person who asserts trade dress protection has the burden of proving that the trade dress is not functional (that is, not commonly used by similar businesses, and thus eligible for protection).
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to repeal specified occupational taxes relating to distilled spirits, wine, and beer. Revises recordkeeping requirements for wholesale and retail liquor dealers. Requires liquor dealers who are subject to recordkeeping requirements to register with the Secretary of the Treasury. Makes it unlawful for any liquor dealer to purchase distilled spirits for resale from any person other than a wholesale dealer in liquor subject to recordkeeping requirements.
Authorizes the establishment of units of the National Guard in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to increase the:  (1) maximum deduction for individual retirement account contributions; and (2) income amount at which phase-out of that deduction begins. 
Exempts from the early distribution penalty:  (1) distributions from certain types of retirement plans for first-time home buyer, education, or adoption expenses; and (2) for unemployed individuals (currently, for unemployed individuals for health insurance premiums).  Modifies requirements regarding penalties for medical care early distributions.
Jacob Wetterling Crimes Against Children Registration Act - Directs the Attorney General to establish guidelines for State programs requiring persons convicted of a criminal offense against a minor to register a current address with a designated State law enforcement agency for ten years after release from prison, parole, or being placed on supervised release. 
Sets forth requirements for an approved State registration program, including fingerprint cards and entry of information into the State law enforcement system and National Crime Information Center computer networks. 
Provides that the information provided under this Act is private and may be used for law enforcement purposes, including confidential background checks by child care service providers. 
Specifies that the allocation of Bureau of Justice Assistance grant funds under the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 received by a State not complying with the provisions of this Act within three years shall be reduced by 25 percent.  Requires such unallocated funds to be reallocated to the States in compliance with this Act.
Breast Cancer Awareness Commemorative Coin Act   This bill directs the Department of the Treasury to mint and issue up to 50,000 $5 gold coins (to be made of &quot;pink gold&quot; containing at least 75% gold), 400,000 $1 silver coins, and 750,000 half-dollar clad coins emblematic of the fight against breast cancer. Treasury shall:  select the design for the coins based upon the winning design from a juried, compensated design competition following certain specifications; and issue the coins only during the one-year period beginning on January 1, 2018.    All such coin sales must include the following surcharges: $35 per $5 gold coin, $10 per $1 dollar silver coin, and $5 per half-dollar coin.  The Treasury shall pay received surcharges promptly to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation according to a specified distribution formula.
Leave No Securities Behind Act - Amends the Federal National Mortgage Association Charter Act to extend Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) authority to mortgage-backed and subordinate obligations, and corporate securities (with an exemption for approved sellers) of the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae).Amends the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Act to extend SEC authority to corporate securities (with an exception for approved sellers) of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac).Amends the Securities Act of 1933 to limit specified SEC registration fees.
Employee Stock Ownership Plan Promotion and Improvement Act of 2007 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) exempt certain distributions, including dividends, by S corporations to an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) from the penalty tax for premature employee benefit plan withdrawals; (2) exempt deductions for ESOP dividends from corporate alternative minimum tax adjustments based on adjusted earnings and profits; (3) allow deferral of the recognition of gain for certain sales to ESOPs sponsored by any domestic corporation, including S corporations; (4) allow reinvestment of ESOP stock proceeds eligible for nonrecognition of gain in certain mutual funds; (5) modify certain ESOP stock ownership rules; and (6) allow a de minimis exception from pension plan investment diversification requirements for ESOP accounts with balances of $2,500 or less.
Heart Disease Education, Analysis, and Research, and Treatment for Women Act or the HEART for Women Act - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and the Public Health Service Act to require an application for approval or for investigation of a drug, device, or biological product to include information stratified by gender, race, and ethnicity, including any differences in safety and effectiveness. Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to: (1) withhold approval of such an application or place a clinical hold on an investigation if such information is not included; and (2) report to the scientific community and make information available to the public on such stratified data upon approval of an application.

Requires the Comptroller General to study the drug approval process to ensure compliance with this Act.

Requires the Secretary to require that all nonidentifiable patient safety work product reported to a patient safety database be stratified by gender.

Amends title XVIII (Medicare) the Social Security Act (SSA) to require the Secretary to make hospital quality data relating to the quality of care in inpatient settings available to the public stratified by gender.

Requires the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ), to report to Congress concerning the quality of and access to care for women with heart disease, stroke, and other cardiovascular diseases.

Requires utilization and quality control peer review organizations to offer quality improvement assistance aimed at eliminating gender disparities.

Amends title IX (employment security provisions) of SSA to require that data be stratified by gender when collected and used in surveys evaluating whether Medicare providers meet applicable conditions of participation or coverage.

Provides for an educational campaign relating to heart disease, stroke, and cardiovascular diseases in women.
Howard M. Metzenbaum Menu Education and Labeling Act or the MEAL Act - Amends the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act to require restaurants that are a part of a chain with 20 or more locations doing business under the same trade name to disclose: (1) in a statement adjacent to each menu item, the number of calories, grams of saturated fat plus trans fat, and milligrams of sodium in a standard food serving; (2) other information designed to enable the public to understand the significance of the nutrition information provided in the context of a total daily diet; (3) that such information shall be provided in writing upon request; and (4) in a statement adjacent to the name of the food on a menu board, the number of calories in a serving of the food. Exempts condiments, items placed on a table or counter for general use, daily specials, temporary menu items, and irregular menu items from these requirements.

Requires restaurants that sell self-serve food, such as through salad bars or buffet lines, to place a sign that lists the number of calories per standard serving adjacent to each food offered.

Permits retail food establishments to voluntarily provide, and states to require, additional nutritional information.

Requires vending machine operators to provide a conspicuous sign disclosing the number of calories in each item of food offered.
10,000 Trained by 2011 Act - Requires the National Science Foundation (NSF) to award competitive grants for basic research on innovative approaches to improve information systems, as well as for scientific and engineering activities to improve education in information fields.

Requires the award of NSF grants also to institutions of higher education to: (1) establish multidisciplinary Centers for Informatics Research for conducting cutting-edge, multidisciplinary research to generate innovative approaches in information; and (2) establish or improve undergraduate and master's degree information programs, attract students to such programs, and provide them with experience in government or industry related to their studies.
Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act of 2017 (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 to extend the duty to report suspected child abuse to adults who are authorized to interact with minor or amateur athletes at an amateur sports organization facility or at an event sanctioned by a national governing body (NGB) or member of an NGB. An NGB is an amateur sports organization that is recognized by the International Olympic Committee.   An authorized adult who fails to report suspected child abuse is subject to criminal penalties.  (Sec. 3) The bill amends the federal criminal code to revise civil remedy provisions for a victim of a human trafficking offense or federal sex offense. Among other things, it changes the civil statute of limitations to 10 years from the date the victim reasonably discovers the violation or injury (currently, 10 years from the date the cause of action arose). The bill also extends the statute of limitations for a minor victim of a federal sex offense to file a civil action to 10 years (currently, 3 years) from the date such individual reaches age 18. (Sec. 4) Finally, the bill amends the Amateur Sports Act of 1978:  to expand the authorities and duties of NGBs to prevent, report, and respond to the abuse of minor or amateur athletes;  to limit the civil and criminal liability of the U.S. Olympic Committee, an NGB, or an amateur sport organization in certain circumstances;  to prohibit construing certain provisions to limit the ability of an NGB to prevent interactions between an alleged abuser and an amateur athlete; and  to require (currently, authorize) the U.S. Olympic Committee to review an NGB's certification. 
Local Government Interstate Waste Control Act - Amends the Solid Waste Disposal Act to prohibit, with exceptions, receipt by owners or operators of landfills or incinerators in a State of out-of-State municipal solid waste without authorization from the affected local government.  Sets forth requirements for provision of facility information to the local government by the owner or operator. 
Exempts from this Act's prohibition operators of landfills or incinerators if:  (1) the facility received documented shipments of such waste during the year preceding enactment of this Act in accordance with State law or, before enactment, entered into a host agreement or other legally binding, documented (and publicly available) authorization to receive such waste; (2) in the case of a landfill, the facility is in compliance with Federal and State laws relating to design and location standards, leachate collection, groundwater monitoring, and financial assurance for closure and post-closure and corrective action; and (3) in the case of an incinerator, the facility is in compliance with Clean Air Act performance standards and State laws relating to facility design. Provides procedures to permit State Governors, if requested by an affected local government, to limit for a one-year period the quantity of out-of-State waste received at excepted landfills to the quantity received during the year preceding enactment of this Act. 
Allows a State to exercise an option to exempt itself from the requirements of this Act.
Child Custody Protection Act - Amends the Federal criminal code to prohibit transporting an individual under age 18 across a State line to obtain an abortion and thereby abridging the right of a parent under a law in force in the State where the individual resides requiring parental involvement in a minor's abortion decision. Makes an exception if the abortion was necessary to save the life of the minor.Specifies that neither the minor transported nor her parent may be prosecuted or sued for a violation of this Act.Makes it an affirmative defense to a prosecution for, or to a civil action based on, such a violation that the defendant reasonably believed that before the individual obtained the abortion, the parental consent or notification or judicial authorization that would have been required had the abortion been performed in the State where the individual resides, took place.Authorizes any parent who suffers legal harm from a violation to obtain appropriate relief in a civil action. Defines "parent" to include a guardian, legal custodian, or person standing in loco parentis who has care and control of the minor, and with whom the minor regularly resides, who is designated by such law as a person to whom notification, or from whom consent, is required.
Secure Travel and Counterterrorism Partnership Act - Expresses the sense of Congress that the United States should expand the visa waiver program to nationals of foreign countries that are allies in the war on terrorism.

Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a pilot program to expand the visa waiver program for up to five new countries that are are cooperating with the United States on security and counterterrorism matters.

Requires a country, prior to participation, to conclude a counterterrorism and security information sharing agreement with the United States.

Authorizes: (1) a country to participate for an initial three-year period, with an additional two-year extension; and (2) the Secretary to terminate a country's participation for program noncompliance.

Directs the Secretary to develop and implement procedures to improve the manner of calculating visa overstay rates.
Pathways Advancing Career Training Act - Authorizes the Secretary of Education to make formula matching grants to States with approved plans for programs of vocational education, training, employment counseling, and related services, including tuition assistance, for: (1) single parents and displaced homemakers; and (2) secondary and postsecondary students pursuing nontraditional training and employment.

Provides that State boards designated or created as State agencies responsible for vocational and technical education vocational education agency shall administer such programs and make competitive subgrants to eligible entities.
International and Parental Child Abduction Remedies Assistance Act - Directs the Attorney General to provide state and local law enforcement agencies information on instituting or assisting investigative searches for alien children believed to be in the United States who are the subject of an application under the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Parental Child Abduction (Convention) or an Interpol yellow notice.

Amends the Crime Control Act of 1990 to require missing child reports to include a statement specifying whether a missing child is believed to have been taken outside of the United States.

Amends the International Child Abduction Remedies Act to: (1) provide funding, technical assistance, and training to legal providers to assist victims of parental kidnappings; and (2) allow payment of costs incurred in civil actions to return abducted children.

Authorizes the Legal Services Corporation to use its funding to represent aliens in child abduction proceedings brought in the United States under the Convention.

Amends the federal judicial code to require the Federal Judicial Center to provide training programs for newly appointed judges on laws pertaining to parental kidnapping.

Authorizes additional funding for the investigation and prosecution of international parental kidnapping crimes.

Directs the Director of the Department of Justice Office of Victims of Crime to award grants to reimburse parents, guardians, law enforcement, and other appropriate individuals for travel costs related to the safe return of U.S. children who have been abducted and taken to foreign countries.
Native American Indian Education Act  This bill amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Department of Education, for FY2018-FY2022, to pay Native American-serving, nontribal institutions of higher education the tuition of their out-of-state Native American students. This applies only to schools that are required to provide a tuition-free education, with the support of their state, to Native American students as a condition under which the college or state received its original grant of land and facilities from the federal government. Payments are treated as reimbursements to institutions from their states.
Buy American Improvement Act of 2007 - Amends the Buy American Act to: (1) prohibit federal agencies from determining that it would not be in the public interest to enter into a contract subject to Buy American requirements after a solicitation of offers notice for such contract is published; and (2) apply Buy American requirements without regard to whether products to be acquired are for use outside the United States if they are not needed on an urgent basis or if they are acquired on a regular basis. Requires before a contract is entered in the latter type of case an analysis of the difference in costs of such products from manufacturers inside and outside the United States.

Requires federal agencies to: (1) give preference in the procurement process to a company that manufactures the solicited product in the United States, if such company's bid is substantially the same as a bid made by a non-U.S. manufacturer, or such company is the only one that manufactures the product in the United States; and (2) report for FY2007-FY2011 to specified congressional committees on the amount of agency acquisitions from entities that manufacture products outside the United States (excepts intelligence agencies).

 Prohibits an agency head from determining that articles to be procured are not available from domestic sources without first determining that domestic production cannot be initiated to meet procurement needs, and that a comparable product is not available from a company in the United States.

Defines a product as made "substantially all" from domestic components when the cost of the product's domestic components exceeds 75% of the cost of all the product's components.

Requires the Comptroller General to report to Congress with recommendations for determining whether an acquisition would involve unreasonable cost and be inconsistent with the public interest for purposes of applying waivers of Buy American requirements.
Gateway Communities Cooperation Act of 2002 - Requires the National Park Service, United States Forest Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Bureau of Land Management to: (1) provide for public involvement by government officials of local gateway communities (communities adjacent to or near public lands) in the development of land use plans, programs, regulations, and decisions, transportation plans, general management plans, and any other public land plans, decisions, projects, or policies that will have a significant impact; (2) provide such communities with early public notice of such proposed decisions; (3) offer training sessions for officials for understanding and participating in agency planning processes; (4) assign an employee or contractor to work with such a community to develop data and analysis relevant in the preparation of agency plans, decisions, and policies; and (5) assist in conducting a review of plans likely to affect such community.Allows a Federal land manager to enter into a cooperative agreement with gateway communities to provide for coordination between Federal, State, local, and tribal governments in land use inventory, planning, and management activities.Requires, to the extent practicable, the consolidation and coordination of the plans and planning processes of two or more Federal agencies to facilitate an affected gateway community's participation.Requires the Federal land agencies to, as soon as practicable (but not later than the scoping process), actively solicit the participation of gateway communities as cooperating agencies when a proposed action is determined to require the preparation of an environmental impact statement.Allows a Federal land manager to make grants to enable an eligible gateway community (population 10,000 or less) to: (1) participate in Federal land planning or management processes; (2) obtain professional land use or transportation planning assistance necessary as a result of Federal action; (3) address and resolve public infrastructure impacts that are a likely result of the Federal land management decisions and for which sufficient funds are not otherwise available; and (4) provide information and interpretive services.Provides for funding for grants from the following sources: (1) general land agency funds; (2) funds available to a Federal land manager for planning, construction, or project development; and (3) funds combined by Federal land managers from different Federal land agencies.
Defines as a qualifying LPT station one which, during the 90 days preceding the date of enactment of this Act: (1) broadcast for at least 18 hours per day; (2) broadcast an average of at least three hours per week of programming that was produced within the market area served by such station or the market area served by a group of commonly controlled stations that carry common local or specialized programming produced within such market area; and (3) complied with other requirements applicable to LPT stations and, after the date of its license application, complies with the FCC's operating rules for full power television stations.  Allows the FCC to treat non-qualifying stations as LPT stations under this Act if public interest, convenience, and necessity would be so served.
Provides that: (1) the FCC is not required to issue any additional licenses for advanced television services to the licensees of class A television stations, or to the licensees of any television translator stations; and (2) the FCC shall approve such license applications proposing facilities that will not cause interference to the service area of any other broadcast facility applied for, protected, permitted, or authorized on the date of the filing of the class A advanced television application.
States that nothing in this Act shall preempt Federal provisions concerning the allocation and assignment of new public safety services licenses and commercial licenses.
Prohibits the FCC from granting a class A license to an LPT station operating between 698 and 806 megahertz, but requires the FCC to provide to LPT stations assigned to and temporarily operating within such bandwidth the opportunity to meet the licensing requirements.
Prohibits the FCC from granting a class A license to an LPT station operating on a channel that includes any one of the 175 additional channels referenced within a certain FCC Memorandum of Opinion and Order of Reconsideration.  Directs the FCC to identify such channels within 18 months after the enactment of this Act.
Prohibits the FCC from granting a class A license unless the applicant or licensee shows that the station for which such license or modification is sought will not cause interference within the predicted Grade B contour of: (1) other television stations transmitting in analog format, or certain digital service areas, including licensed or authorized LPT stations; or (2) 80 miles from the geographic center of certain listed areas, including the 482-488 megahertz band in New York.
Government Shutdown Prevention Act - Provides for continuing appropriations (at 100 percent of the rate of operations provided for in FY 1999) in the absence of regular appropriations for any fiscal year.
Removes certain requirements for States with respect to construction of treatment works under capitalization grant agreements.
Directs the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to assist States in establishing simplified procedures for small water systems to obtain assistance under the Act.
Requires revolving funds to be used only for providing assistance for activities that have as a principal benefit the improvement or protection of water quality of navigable waters.  Adds activities to the list of those which may be assisted.
Provides for a repayment period of the lesser of 40 years or the expected life of the project to be financed with loan proceeds with respect to loans made to disadvantaged communities from revolving funds.  Requires loans made from such funds to be fully amortized upon the expiration of the loan term (currently, no later than 20 years after project completion). Requires such funds to provide: (1) loan guarantees for developing and implementing innovative technologies; and (2) technical, planning, and other specified assistance to small systems.
Treats a treatment works as a publicly owned treatment works, for purposes of eligibility for construction assistance from a revolving fund, if the treatment works, without regard to ownership, would be considered a publicly owned treatment works and is principally treating municipal waste water or domestic sewage.
Provides for negative interest rates of up to two percent to reduce the unpaid principal on loans from revolving funds made to disadvantaged communities.
Reauthorizes appropriations for FY 2001 through 2005 for the revolving fund program.
Public Safety and Protection Investment Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow individual and corporate taxpayers to expense (i.e., claim a full tax deduction in the current taxable year) the costs of purchasing and installing certain qualifying security devices.
Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a demonstration project under which the Secretary shall, as part of a plan of an episode of care for home health services established for a Medicare beneficiary, permit a home health agency, directly or under arrangements with a medical adult day care facility, to provide medical adult day care services as a substitute for a portion of home health services that would otherwise be provided in the beneficiary's home.
Protection from Rogue Oil Traders Engaging in Computerized Trading Act or PROTECT Act - Amends the Commodities Exchange Act to make it unlawful to engage in an activity that the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has defined as high frequency trading, unless the person has registered with the CFTC as a high frequency trader, and the registration has neither expired nor been suspended or revoked. Prescribes requirements governing high frequency trading.  Requires the fine for a high frequency trading violation to be based on the number of seconds, including fractions of seconds, during which the violation continued. Authorizes the CFTC to define the scope of any violation for purposes of determining the number involved in any civil case arising under this Act. Increases the civil penalties for violations of the prohibition against manipulation and false information with respect to swaps and commodities.
Local Law Enforcement Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2007 - (Sec. 3) Defines "hate crime" as a violent act causing death or bodily injury because of the actual or perceived race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or disability of the victim.

 (Sec. 4) Authorizes the Attorney General, at the request of a state, local, or Tribal law enforcement agency, to provide technical, forensic, prosecutorial, or other assistance in the criminal investigation or prosecution of any crime that: (1) constitutes a crime of violence; (2) constitutes a felony under state, local, or Tribal laws; and (3) is motivated by prejudice based on the actual or perceived race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability of the victim or is a violation of the state, local, or Tribal hate crime laws. Requires the Attorney General to give priority for assistance to crimes committed by offenders who have committed crimes in more than one state and to rural jurisdictions that have difficulty covering extraordinary investigation or prosecution expenses.

Authorizes the Attorney General to award grants to state, local, and Indian law enforcement agencies for extraordinary expenses associated with the investigation and prosecution of hate crimes. Requires the Department of Justice Office of Justice Programs to work closely with grant recipients to ensure that the concerns and needs of all affected parties under the grant program are addressed.

Sets forth requirements and deadlines for grant applications. Limits grant amounts to $100,000 for any single jurisdiction in any one-year period.

Requires the Attorney General to submit a report to Congress on the grant program by December 31, 2008.

Authorizes appropriations for FY2008-FY2009.

(Sec. 5) Authorizes the Office of Justice Programs to award grants to state, local, or Tribal programs designed to combat hate crimes committed by juveniles. Authorizes appropriations.

(Sec. 6) Authorizes appropriations for FY2008-FY2010 for additional personnel to prevent and respond to hate crime violations.

(Sec. 7) Amends the federal criminal code to impose a fine and/or prison term of up to 10 years on any person who willfully causes bodily injury to any person, or who, through the use of fire, a firearm, or an explosive or incendiary device, attempts to cause bodily harm to any person, because of the actual or perceived race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability of such person.

Requires certification by the Attorney General or other Department of Justice official of certain findings relating to an alleged hate crime prior to initiating a prosecution for such crime.

Excludes evidence of expression or association of a defendant in a hate crime prosecution at trial, unless such evidence specifically relates to the offense being prosecuted.

(Sec. 8) Provides that nothing in this Act shall be construed to prohibit expressive conduct or activities protected by the First Amendment.
Business Activity Tax Simplification Act of 2003 - Amends Federal law concerning the taxation of interstate commerce to expand the scope of the protections prohibiting taxation by jurisdictions of the income of out-of-state corporations whose in-state presence is nominal from just tangible personal property to include intangible property and services.

Requires an out-of-state company to have a physical presence in a State before the State can impose franchise taxes, business license taxes, and other business activity taxes.
Family and Medical Leave Enhancement Act of 2008 - Amends the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA) to cover employees at worksites that employ fewer than 50 employees, but not fewer than 25 employees. Continues to exempt from FMLA coverage employees at worksites that employ fewer than 25 employees (currently 50), if the total number of employees employed by that employer within 75 miles of that worksite is fewer than 25 (currently 50).

Allows an employee covered by FMLA to take up to 4 hours during any 30-day period, and up to 24 hours during any 12-month period, of parental involvement leave to participate in or attend activities that: (1) are sponsored by a school or community organization; and (2) relate to a program of the school or organization that is attended by the employee's child or grandchild.

Allows the aggregate amount of parental involvement leave for a husband and wife employed by the same employer to be limited to the amount allowed for one employee.

Applies the parental involvement leave allowance to federal employees.

Includes under FMLA entitlement leave to meet routine family medical care needs, including: (1) transportation of a child or grandchild for medical and dental appointments for annual checkups and vaccinations; and (2) care of an elderly individual related to the employee, including visits to nursing homes and group homes. Allows the aggregate amount of such leave for a husband and wife employed by the same employer to be limited to the amount allowed for one employee.

Allows an employee to elect, or an employer to require, substitution of any of the paid or family leave of the employee for any leave provided under this Act.

Imposes requirements of notification by the employee of leave requests. Allows an employer to require certification supporting such requests.
Establishes the Twenty-First Century Water Commission to: (1) use studies and assessments to project future water supply needs and demand, develop national and regional assessments on flood risk and water availability and trends related to water quality; (2) study government and private sector water management programs directed at increasing water supplies, managing flood risk, and improving the availability, reliability, and quality of water resources; and (3) develop recommendations for a comprehensive water strategy.

Requires such strategy to: (1) identify incentives to ensure an adequate and dependable supply of water to meet U.S. needs for the next 50 years; (2) consider all available technologies and methods to optimize water supply reliability, availability, and quality, while safeguarding and enhancing the environment; (3) suggest financing options for development of comprehensive watershed management plans, regional watershed planning, holistically designed water resources projects, and increased use of nonstructural elements (including green infrastructure and low impact development techniques); (4) encourage the integration of flood control and water supply projects, including recommendations for capturing excess water and flood water for conservation and reuse; (5) suggest options to promote the use of, and reduce biases against, nonstructural elements when managing stormwater; and (6) encourage the avoidance and minimization of adverse impacts to, and the restoration of, natural systems.

Directs the Commission, in developing such strategy, to: (1) evaluate the effectiveness of hazard mitigation strategies and contingency planning provisions for water management programs in light of climate change impacts; (2) evaluate such impacts; (3) include strategies for using best available climate science in projections of future flood and drought risk and for developing hazard mitigation strategies to protect water quality in extreme weather conditions caused by climate change; (4) identify adaptation techniques, or further research needs of such techniques, for responding to climate change impacts; (5) respect the primary role of states in adjudicating, administering, and regulating water rights and water uses; (6) identify whether recommendations are consistent with existing laws; (7) identify duplication among federal governmental programs and make recommendations to improve coordination among federal, interstate, state, and local agencies; and (8) avoid suggesting increased mandates on state and local governments.

 Requires the Commission to submit interim and final reports to the President and Congress. Terminates the Commission 30 days after its transmission of a final report. Authorizes appropriations.
Dam Rehabilitation and Repair Act of 2007 - Amends the National Dam Safety Program Act to require the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to establish a program to provide grant assistance to states for use in rehabilitating publicly-owned dams that fail to meet minimum safety standards and pose an unacceptable risk to the public (deficient dams).

Sets forth provisions regarding procedures for grant awards and fund allocation. Requires the Administrator to develop a risk-based priority system for identifying deficient dams for which such grants may be made. Limits the federal share of rehabilitation costs to 65%.
Chemical Security Act of 1999 - Bars the public disclosure of off-site consequence analysis submissions under the Clean Air Act for a period of one year after this Act's enactment.  Defines an "off-site consequence analysis submission" as a portion of a risk management plan submitted to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency by stationary sources of certain hazardous substances.  Permits disclosure of such information for official use only. Prescribes penalties for violation of such prohibition. 
Directs the Administrator, after June 21, 1999, to make information from risk management plans, including information from off-site consequence analysis submissions, publicly available in a form which excludes information concerning the identity or location of covered stationary sources. 
Requires owners or operators of such sources to convene a meeting with community representatives, employees and contractors working at such sources, and local emergency planning committees and other emergency responders to discuss measures necessary to prevent, and protect such sources from, attacks by terrorists and other criminals. Provides for certifications to the Federal Bureau of Investigation by such owners or operators that such meetings have been held. 
Directs the Attorney General to review and report to Congress on the vulnerability of covered stationary sources to criminal and terrorist activity, current industry practices regarding site security, security of transportation of extremely hazardous substances, and this Act's effectiveness.  Provides for biennial updates of such report and for recommendations for reducing such vulnerability through inherently safer practices and site security and the need for additional legislation. 
Requires the Comptroller General to report to Congress on the health and environmental effects of public disclosure of information. Requires, as part of such report, an examination of the reductions in toxic chemical releases associated with reporting requirements of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Border Infrastructure and Technology Modernization Act - Directs the Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Security of the Department of Homeland Security to: (1) make specified personnel increases in the Department of Homeland Security's Bureaus of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and Customs and Border Protection, respectively; (2) prepare an annual National Land Border Security Plan, which shall include a vulnerability assessment of each port of entry on the northern or southern border, and may provide for port security coordinators; and (3) carry out a three-to-five-site port of entry demonstration program.Directs the Administrator of General Services to make annual updates to the Port of Entry Infrastructure Assessment Study.Directs the Commissioner of the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection to: (1) develop an expansion plan for the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism programs along the northern and southern borders, including the Business Anti-Smuggling Coalition, the Carrier Initiative Program, the Americas Counter Smuggling Initiative, the Container Security Initiative, the Free and Secure Trade Initiative, and other Industry Partnership programs; (2) establish a Partnership demonstration program along the southern border; and (3) establish a demonstration program for a cooperative trade security system with respect to entities (maquiladora) in Mexico that assemble and produce goods from imported parts for export to the United States.Authorizes specified appropriations.
Chesapeake Bay Restoration Enhancement Act of 2005 - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to revise requirements for implementation and monitoring grants under the Chesapeake Bay Agreement and for reporting on federally-funded projects under such Agreement.

Requires the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to publish each year a tributary health report card to evaluate progress, with reference to a specified baseline, in achieving and maintaining nutrient and sediment reduction goals for each Chesapeake Bay tributary basin.

Requires the states of Delaware, Maryland, New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia and the District of Columbia to submit information to the Administrator for each Chesapeake Bay tributary basin located in such jurisdictions relating to nutrient and sediment reduction. Prohibits the Administrator from making a grant to any state which fails to provide required information.

Requires the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in cooperation with specified federal agencies, to submit to Congress an interagency budget and other accountings for Chesapeake Bay restoration activities.

Directs the Administrator to establish measurable goals for local governments for nutrient and sediment reduction in the Chesapeake Bay.

Updates reporting deadlines for the study of the Chesapeake Bay Program.

Authorizes appropriations through FY2011.
Trade Agreements Compliance Act of 1993 - Amends the Trade Act of 1974 to authorize an interested person to request the United States Trade Representative (USTR) to determine whether a foreign country is complying with any bilateral trade agreement to which the United States is a party (other than the United States-Canada Free Trade Agreement or the Agreement on the Establishment of a Free Trade Area between the United States and Israel).  Requires the USTR to take specified action under the Act if he or she determines that such country is in material noncompliance with such agreement. 
Requires the amendments made by this Act to be consistent with U.S. international obligations, including the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
Pullman National Historical Park Act - Establishes the Pullman National Historical Park in Illinois as a unit of the National Park System to: (1) preserve and interpret for the benefit of future generations the significant labor, industrial, civil rights, and social history of the Park, the significant architectural structures in the Park, and the role of the Pullman community in the creation of the first national Labor Day holiday in the world; (2) coordinate preservation, protection, and interpretation efforts of the Park by the federal government, the state of Illinois, units of local government, and private and nonprofit organizations; and (3) coordinate appropriate management options necessary to ensure the protection, preservation, and interpretation of the many significant aspects of the Park. Requires the Secretary of the Interior to complete a general management plan for the Park. 
Free Speech About Science Act of 2010 - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow food producers to make a disease or health-related claim about a food if such claim is based on legitimate scientific research. Requires such a claim to: (1) be stated so that it is an accurate, balanced summary of such research and enables the public to comprehend the information provided in the claim and the relative significance of such information in the context of a total daily diet; and (2) identify each party that funded research to support the claim.

Allows a disease or health-related statement for a dietary supplement if: (1) the statement claims to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent a specific disease or class of diseases, based on legitimate scientific research; (2) the manufacturer of the supplement has substantiation that such statement is truthful and not misleading; and (3) the health claim includes a citation to the research supporting such claim and identifies each party that funded such research.

Prohibits the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) from restricting the distribution of information that is not false or misleading and that is based on legitimate scientific research in connection with the sale of food.
Pilot's Bill of Rights - Requires National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) proceedings for the review of decisions of the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to deny, amend, modify, suspend, or revoke an airman's certificate to be conducted, to the extent practicable, in accordance with the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and Federal Rules of Evidence.

Requires the Administrator to: (1) advise the subject of an investigation involving the approval, denial, suspension, modification, or revocation of an airman certificate of specified information pertinent to the investigation; and (2) provide him or her with access to relevant air traffic data.

Allows an individual to elect to file an appeal of a certificate denial, a punitive civil action, or an emergency order of revocation in the U.S. district court in which individual resides, in which the action in question occurred, or the district court for the District of Columbia. Allows an adversely affected individual who elects not to file an appeal in a federal district court to file such appeal with the NTSB.

Directs the Administrator to begin a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) Improvement Program to improve the system of providing airmen with pertinent and timely information before a flight in the national airspace system.

Makes Flight Service Station briefings and other air traffic services performed by Lockheed Martin or any other government contractor available to airmen under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA).

Requires the Administrator to review the FAA system for the medical certification of airmen in order to: (1) revise the medical application form, (2) align medical qualification policies with present-day qualified medical judgment and practices, and (3) publish objective medical standards to advise the public of the criteria determining an airman's medical certificate eligibility.
Chemical Security Act of 1999 - Amends provisions of the Clean Air Act regarding accidental releases of hazardous substances anticipated to cause death, injury, or serious health or environmental effects to require the Attorney General to: (1) determine whether owners or operators of stationary sources have taken adequate actions to detect, prevent, and minimize the consequences of criminal releases that may cause harm to public health and safety and the environment; and (2) promulgate requirements to ensure that such actions are taken, if they have not been taken.  Defines a "criminal release" as a release of such a substance: (1) from a stationary source into the environment caused by a criminal act; and (2) that has been removed from a source by a criminal act. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Federal Property Low Hanging Fruit Act - Authorizes the head of each executive department to convey real and related property under the department's ownership and control and retain the net proceeds in an account within the Treasury. Makes such proceeds available to the department head to pay necessary and incidental costs for the department's property management activities, including acquisition, improvements, maintenance, reconstruction or construction needs.  Directs the head of each of the Departments of Defense (DOD), Agriculture, and&nbsp;Energy (DOE) and the General Services Administration (GSA) to develop and carry out a plan to enter into agreements with a nongovernmental person to: (1) lease at least 5, but not more than 10, federal real properties that are underutilized or excess; and (2) develop, rehabilitate, or renovate facilities on such leased properties. Requires such agreements to provide a lease option to the United States and indemnity for any actions, debts, or liability of the nongovernmental person.&nbsp;Directs the Comptroller General (GAO) to submit reports to Congress on the effectiveness of the plan.
Arctic Marine Shipping Assessment Implementation Act of 2009 - Directs the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to work through the International Maritime Organization to establish agreements to promote coordinated action among the United States, Russia, Canada, Iceland, Norway, and Denmark and other seafaring and Arctic nations to ensure in the Arctic: (1) placement and maintenance of aids to navigation; (2) appropriate icebreaking escort, tug, and salvage capabilities; (3) oil spill prevention and response capability; (4) maritime domain awareness, including long-range vessel tracking; and (5) search and rescue.

Directs the Committee on the Maritime Transportation System to coordinate the establishment of domestic transportation policies in the Arctic necessary to carry out this Act.

Authorizes the Secretary, subject to the availability of appropriations, to enter into cooperative agreements, contracts, or other agreements with, or make grants to, individuals and governments to carry out this Act or any agreements.

Directs the Secretary to promote safe commercial maritime navigation by means of icebreaking when necessary.

Authorizes the Secretary to enter into such agreements or contracts with, or make such grants to, individuals to conduct demonstration projects to reduce emissions or discharges from vessels operating in the Arctic.
Small Business Protection Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a deduction, of up to 50 percent of net profit, for contributions to a Small Business Protection Account.
Television Improvement Act of 1997 - Exempts from Federal antitrust laws any discussions, reviews, or agreements (action) entered into among persons in the television industry to develop and disseminate voluntary guidelines governing television broadcast material.  Makes such exemption inapplicable to action which:  (1) results in a boycott of any person; or (2) concerns the purchase or sale of advertising.
Rural Jobs Tax Credit Act of 2010 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow eligible employers, including tax-exempt employers, a refundable tax credit for increases in wages paid during 2010 and 2011.

Defines an "eligible employer" as any employer that conducts an active trade or business in an area other than: (1) a city or town of more than 50,000 inhabitants; or (2) any urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to such a city or town.

Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to work with state employment agencies to inform businesses of the availability of the tax credit allowed by this Act.
Directs the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to enter into a series of cooperative agreements with the California State University, Hayward, to provide continuing support for the California Urban Environmental Research and Education Center if the University consents and provides matching funds or in-kind resources equal to 20 percent of funds provided by the Administrator. 
States requirements regarding university membership in the Center, the Governing Board, and the Center's principal office. 
Declares the overall objective of the Center to be to promote sustainable economic development throughout California by engaging in specified functions, including:  (1) developing an ongoing program of applied environmental research, education, and outreach; (2) fostering public-private partnerships to find solutions to environmental problems of California; (3) bringing together university and college researchers to focus on California's most important environmental problems; (4) supporting specified activities related to data evaluation, economic development analysis, the development and conduct of educational programs and conferences, providing ready access to the Center's expertise, the minimization of duplication and waste in research and demonstration programs, and the development and administration of an environmental and economic development information repository; (5) working closely with EPA- and other federally-funded research centers; (6) assisting environmentally-related and other small businesses; and (7) assisting in military base conversion. 
Authorizes the Center to provide undergraduate scholarships for individuals studying in environmental fields, assistantships and fellowships for graduate students to encourage study in fields related to sustainable economic development, and research grants to college and university faculty. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Great Ape Protection Act of 2009 - Prohibits: (1) conducting invasive research on great apes; (2) knowingly breeding, possessing, renting, loaning, donating, purchasing, selling, housing, maintaining, leasing, borrowing, transporting, moving, delivering, or receiving a great ape for the purpose of conducting such research; or (3) using federal funds to conduct such research.

Defines "invasive research" as research that may cause death, bodily injury, pain, distress, fear, injury, or trauma to great apes, including drug testing or exposure to a substance that may be detrimental to the ape's health or psychological well-being.

Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) and other appropriate federal authorities to provide for the permanent retirement of all great apes that are owned or under the control of the federal government and that are being maintained in any facility for the purpose of breeding for, holding for, or conducting invasive research.

Sets forth civil penalties for violations of this Act.
Community College Partnership Act of 2003 - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to establish a community college opportunity program to help students at community or technical colleges (CTCs) to transfer to four-year institutions of higher education (IHEs) and complete baccalaureate degrees. Directs the Secretary of Education to award not less than six and not more than 12 program grants to eligible entities. Makes eligible for such grants: (1) partnerships that include one or more CTCs that award associate's degrees and one or more IHEs that offer a baccalaureate or postbaccalaureate degree not awarded by the partner colleges; or (2) a statewide governance or coordinating board that has jurisdiction over both CTCs and IHEs, or a partnership of such boards that have separate jurisdiction over such entities. Requires funds from such grants to be used for: (1) development of policies to expand opportunities for community or technical college students to earn baccalaureate degrees, including promoting the transfer of academic credits between institutions and expanding articulation and guaranteed transfer agreements; (2) support services to students participating in the program, including tutoring, mentoring, academic and personal counseling, and transition facilitation; (3) academic program enhancements at the community or technical college that increase program quality and the number of student participants in the dual degree program offered in conjunction with a baccalaureate degree granting institution; and (4) programs to identify barriers that inhibit student transfers.
Fairness for Adopting Families Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a credit for adoption expenses.  Excludes from gross income amounts paid or expenses incurred by the employer for adoption, if furnished pursuant to an adoption assistance program.  Imposes both dollar and income limits on both the credit and the exclusion.
No Frills Prison Act - Amends the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 to require a State, to be eligible for truth in sentencing incentive grants, to demonstrate that it:  (1) provides living conditions and opportunities within its prisons that are not more luxurious than those that the average prisoner would have experienced if not incarcerated; (2) does not provide to any such prisoner specified benefits or privileges, including earned good time credits, less than 40 hours a week of work that either offsets or reduces the expenses of keeping the prisoner or provides resources toward restitution of victims, unmonitored phone calls (with exceptions), in-cell television viewing, possession of pornographic materials, instruction or training equipment for any martial art or bodybuilding or weightlifting equipment, or dress or hygiene other than as is uniform or standard in the prison; and (3) in the case of a prisoner serving a sentence for a crime of violence which resulted in serious bodily injury to another, does not provide housing other than in separate cell blocks intended for violent prisoners, less than nine hours a day of physical labor (with exceptions), any release from the prison for any purpose unless under physical or mechanical restraint and under constant supervision of at least one armed correctional officer, or any viewing of television. 
Directs the Attorney General to establish conditions in the Federal prison system that are, as nearly as possible, the same as those required in State prisons under this Act.
United States China Policy Act of 1994 - Declares that the Congress affirms the President's policy toward China and makes the following recommendations for the conduct of U.S. policy toward that country, including:  (1) a continued U.S. policy of pressing for increased Chinese adherence to internationally recognized human rights; (2) U.S. concern for the accounting and release of political prisoners, access to Chinese prisoners by international humanitarian organizations, and negotiations between China and the Dalai Lama on Tibetan issues; (3) expanded U.S. broadcasting to China through the Voice of America and Radio Free Asia; and (4) further U.S. steps to foster in China the rule of law, the creation of a civic society, and the emergence of institutions that provide humane and effective governance. 
Urges the President, when considering termination of the suspensions of U.S. Government activities enacted in the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991, to explore whether such terminations could be used to elicit specific steps by the Chinese to enhance respect for internationally recognized human rights or to correct abuses of such rights. 
(Sec. 4) Declares it to be U.S. policy, in fostering human rights in China, to promote the following objectives:  (1) an effective legal system, based on the rule of law; (2) respect for internationally recognized human rights; (3) the emergence of civil society; and (4) the creation of institutions that provide humane and effective goverance. 
Authorizes appropriations for programs to carry out the objectives of this Act. 
(Sec. 5) Expresses the sense of the Congress that, in the event that international humanitarian organizations undertake activities in China related to the treatment of prisoners, the President should make available additional contributions to such organizations to support them. 
(Sec. 6) Declares that the Congress endorses President Clinton's efforts to work with U.S. leaders of the business community to develop principles that could be adapted by U.S. companies doing business in China to advance human rights.  Commends U.S. companies that have adopted such principles.  Urges the President to encourage other governments to adopt such principles in governing the activities of their businesses in China. 
(Sec. 7) Requires the President to review and report to specified congressional committees on U.S. activities to promote human rights in China. 
(Sec. 8) Authorizes the President to establish a U.S. commission on law and society in China to monitor developments in China with respect to the specified objectives of U.S. policy.
Keep Our Promise to America's Children and Teachers Act or the Keep Our PACT Act - Makes appropriations of: (1) the greater of specified amounts or the authorized amounts for programs under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 for FY2007-FY2014; and (2) specified amounts for FY2007-FY2015 and an amount determined pursuant to a specified formula (based on the number of children who received special education, the average per-pupil expenditure, and the rate of change in a state's population) for FY2016 and thereafter for the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.

Requires such appropriated amounts to be expended consistent with pay-as-you-go requirements.
Haitian Compassion Act - Requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to designate Haiti as a country whose qualifying nationals may be eligible for temporary protected status.

Provides for: (1) an initial 18-month designation period; and (2) authorization for temporary travel abroad.
United States Ports of Entry Threat and Operational Review Act (Sec. 2) This bill directs U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to submit to the congressional homeland security and tax committees a threat and operational analysis of U.S. air, land, and sea ports of entry. Such analysis shall include an assessment of:  current and potential threats posed by individuals and organized groups seeking to exploit security vulnerabilities at ports of entry or to unlawfully enter the United States through such ports of entry; methods and pathways used to exploit security vulnerabilities at ports of entry; improvements needed at ports of entry to prevent the unlawful movement of people, illicit drugs, and other contraband across U.S. borders; improvements needed to enhance travel and trade facilitation and reduce wait times at ports of entry; and processes conducted at ports of entry that do not require law enforcement training and could be filled with non-law enforcement staff or by the private sector, or be automated.    In compiling such analysis, CBP shall consider and examine: (1) personnel needs, including K-9 Units, and estimated costs, at each port of entry; (2) technology needs, including radiation portal monitors and non-intrusive inspection technology, and estimated costs at each port of entry; and (3) infrastructure needs and estimated costs at each port of entry. CBP shall, at specified intervals, provide to the committees a ports of entry strategy and implementation plan.
Twenty-First Century Water Commission Act of 2005 - Establishes the Twenty-First Century Water Commission to: (1) project future water supply and demand; (2) study current water management programs of federal, interstate, state, and local agencies and private sector entities directed at increasing water supplies and improving the availability, reliability, and quality of freshwater resources; and (3) consult with representatives of such agencies and entities to develop recommendations for a comprehensive water strategy. Requires that such strategy: (1) respect the primary role of states in adjudicating, administering, and regulating water rights and uses; (2) identify incentives intended to ensure an adequate and dependable water supply to meet U.S. needs for the next 50 years; (3) suggest strategies that avoid increased mandates on state and local governments; (4) eliminate duplication and conflict among federal programs; (5) consider all available technologies to optimize water supply reliability, availability, and quality, while safeguarding the environment; (6) recommend means of capturing excess water and flood water for conservation and use in the event of a drought; (7) suggest financing options for comprehensive water management projects and appropriate public works projects; and (8) suggest strategies to conserve existing water supplies, including recommendations for repairing aging infrastructure.

Sets forth requirements for semiannual interim reports and a final report within three years. Authorizes appropriations.
Local Exchange Infrastructure Modernization Act of 1993 - Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to exercise its authority to:  (1) preserve and enhance universal telephone service at reasonable rates; (2) achieve universal availability of advanced network capabilities and information services; (3) assure a seamless nationwide distribution network through joint network planning, coordination, and service arrangements between and among local exchange carriers (LECs); (4) maintain high standards of quality for advanced network services; and (5) assure adequate communication for the public health, safety, defense, education, national security, and emergency preparedness. 
Defines "local exchange carrier" as a carrier that:  (1) is required to provide upon request, under tariff or subject to other government oversight (by the FCC or a State commission), interstate and intrastate access services and telephone exchange service; (2) is, or was, a participant in one or more interstate pools established by the FCC, or would have been required to participate in one or more such pools had the carrier been engaged in interstate and intrastate access and telephone exchange service while such participation was mandatory; (3) is subject to the requirements imposed by the FCC or a State commission related to the provision of equal access; and (4) conforms with the provisions of the North American Numbering Plan applicable to the assignment of numbering resources for telephone exchange service, as defined by the Plan's Administrator. 
Requires the FCC to prescribe regulations that require:  (1) joint coordinated network planning, design, and cooperative implementation among all LECs in the provision of public switched network infrastructure and services; (2) development of standards for interconnection between the LEC public switched network and others by appropriate standard-setting bodies; and (3) a LEC to share public switched network infrastructure and functionality with requesting LECs which serve a geographic area for which they lack economies of scale or scope for the particular required network functionality.
.  Soledad Canyon Settlement Act - (Sec. 3) Directs the Secretary of the Interior to offer to cancel Bureau of Land Management (BLM) mineral contracts CA-20139 and CA-22901 (located in Soledad Canyon, California) and compensate the contract holder for the cancellation with proceeds from the sale of certain lands near Victorville, California.  (Sec. 4) Requires the Secretary to provide to the applicable local land use authority a 30-day exclusive, preemptive right to purchase specified land located within its jurisdiction.  Withdraws affected areas from further mineral entry and leasing.
Capital Budgeting Act of 1993 - Amends Federal law to require that the budget the President submits to the Congress be a unified budget comprising an operating budget and an investment budget (divided into federally-owned capital and developmental inestments), each presented separately for unified funds, general funds, trust funds, and enterprise funds.
Prohibiting Detention of Youth Status Offenders Act of 2017 This bill amends the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to modify the deinstitutionalization of status offenders (DSO) core requirement with which a state must comply to receive funds under the Formula Grant Program. The DSO core requirement prohibits the secure detention or confinement of a juvenile who commits a status offense (i.e., an offense that would not be a crime if committed by an adult). This bill eliminates an exception to the DSO core requirement that permits the secure detention or confinement of an out-of-state runaway youth. It also eliminates, not later than one year after enactment, an exception to the DSO core requirement that permits the secure detention or confinement of a juvenile status offender who violates a valid court order. Until then, use of the valid court order exception to securely detain or confine a juvenile status offender must comply with additional requirements, such as issuance of a written court order and a three-day maximum length of detention.
Bus Utility and Safety in School Transportation Opportunity and Purchasing Act of 2004 - Directs the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to provide grants, on a competitive basis, to rural local educational agencies (LEAs) to pay the Federal share (75 percent) of costs of purchasing new school buses. Requires the Administrator in providing such grants to give priority to rural LEAs that: (1) are transporting students in a bus manufactured before 1977; (2) have a grossly depleted fleet of school buses; or (3) serve a school that is required by law to provide transportation to students to enable them to transfer to another public school served by the rural LEA.
Cloning Prohibition Act of 2003 - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prohibit any person (including governmental entities) from: (1) using or attempting to use human somatic cell nuclear transfer technology to initiate a pregnancy; or (2) shipping, mailing, transporting, or receiving such product knowing that it is intended for such use. Precludes from such prohibition the use of somatic cell transfer technology to clone molecules, DNA, cells, tissues, or animals.Sets forth registration requirements for individuals who intend to perform human somatic cell nuclear transfer technology.Requires that research involving human somatic nuclear transfer technology be conducted in accordance with Federal standards governing the protection of human subjects. Considers individuals whose cells are used for such research to be human subjects. Requires the individual who provides the cells and the individual with the principal responsibility for conducting the research to submit signed statements that the individual donates the cells for and consents to such research.Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to request the Institute of Medicine to enter into an agreement to conduct a study to review the current state of knowledge about: (1) the biological properties of stem cells obtained from embryos and fetal and adult tissues; (2) biological differences among such cells and the consequences for research and medicine; and (3) the ability of stem cells to generate neurons, heart, kidney, blood, liver, and other tissues and the potential clinical uses of these tissues.
Federal Cybersecurity Workforce Assessment Act - Requires the head of each federal agency to identify cybersecurity workforce positions within the agency, determine the primary Cybersecurity Work Category and Specialty Area (CWCSA) of such positions, and assign the corresponding Data Element Code. Directs each agency head to establish procedures to: (1) identify open positions that include cybersecurity functions, and (2) assign the appropriate employment code to each such position and to each agency employee who carries out cybersecurity functions. Directs each agency head, beginning not later than one year after such employment codes are assigned and annually through 2021, to submit a report to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) that identifies the CWCSAs of critical need in the agency's cybersecurity workforce and substantiates the critical need designations. Requires the Director to: (1) provide agencies with timely guidance for identifying CWCSAs of critical need, including current categories and areas with acute skill shortages and with emerging skill shortages; and (2) identify Specialty Areas of critical need for the cybersecurity workforce across all federal agencies. Directs the Comptroller General (GAO) to analyze, monitor, and report on this Act's implementation.
Egyptian Counterterrorism and Political Reform Act - Prohibits military assistance to Egypt beginning in FY 2006 unless the President determines and certifies to Congress that it is in the national security interests to provide assistance for a given fiscal year.

Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) funds that would have been provided for military assistance should be given in the form of economic support fund assistance and not used by the armed forces of Egypt; (2) the President should certify the establishment of procedures to ensure access by the Comptroller General to appropriate financial information in order to review the use of these funds; and (3) the agreement among the United States, Egypt, and Israel to decrease the overall amount of U.S. foreign assistance for both countries should continue.
Wireless Communications and Public Safety Act of 1999 - Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to direct the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) (and any other agency or entity to which the FCC has delegated such authority) to designate 911 as the universal emergency telephone number within the United States for reporting an emergency to appropriate authorities and requesting assistance.  Applies such designation to both wireline and wireless telephone service.  Requires the FCC to provide technical support to States for the deployment and functioning of a comprehensive emergency communications infrastructure, including enhanced wireless 911 service, on a coordinated statewide basis. (Sec. 4) Provides immunity from liability, to the same extent as provided to local telephone exchange companies, for providers of wireless 911 service.  Provides immunity for users of wireless 911 service to the same extent as provided to users of 911 service that is not wireless. (Sec. 5) Authorizes telecommunications carriers to: (1) provide call location information concerning the user of a commercial mobile service to providers of emergency services, to inform such user's legal guardian or family members of the user's location in an emergency situation involving the risk of death or serious bodily injury, or to providers of information services to assist in the delivery of emergency response services; and (2) transmit automatic crash notification system information as part of the operation of such a system.  Requires the express prior customer authorization of the use of either of the above information for other than the stated purposes. Requires a telecommunications carrier that provides telephone exchange service to provide subscriber list information (including information on unlisted subscribers) that is in its sole possession or control to providers of emergency services and emergency support services for use solely in delivering, or assisting in delivering, emergency services.
Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Commissioner of the Bureau of Reclamation, directly or through financial assistance to non-federal parties, to plan, design, and construct fish passage and screening facilities or habitat improvements at any non-federal water diversion or storage project located anywhere in the Columbia River Basin. Provides such authority when the Secretary determines that such facilities would enable the Bureau to meet its obligations for the construction, operation, and maintenance of federal reclamation projects in the Columbia River Basin, excluding the projects located in the Snake River Basin. Limits the federal share to 75% of project costs.

Authorizes the Secretary to assist a non-federal party who owns, operates, or maintains a non-federal water diversion or storage project and associated lands to obtain and comply with any required state, local, or tribal permits. Makes the Secretary subject to all federal laws applicable to activities associated with the construction of a fish passage and screening facility or habitat improvements. Directs the Secretary to: (1) comply with any applicable state water laws; and (2) coordinate with the Northwest Power and Conservation Council, appropriate agencies of the states of Idaho, Oregon, and Washington, and appropriate federally recognized Indian tribes in carrying out the program authorized by this Act.

Makes the Reclamation Act of 1902 and other federal reclamation laws inapplicable to the non-federal water projects at which the fish passage and screening facilities authorized by this Act are located and the lands such projects irrigate. Declares that expenditures made by the Secretary under this Act shall not be a project cost assignable to any federal reclamation project and shall be non-reimbursable and non-returnable to the Treasury.
George Wray Memorial Act of 2001 - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) of the Social Security Act to authorize waivers by the Commissioner of Social Security of the five month waiting period for entitlement to benefits based on disability in cases in which the Commissioner determines that such waiting period would cause undue hardship to terminally ill beneficiaries.
Student Loan Fair Prepayment Act - Amends title IV (Student Assistance) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require that when the holder of a borrower's loans under the Federal Family Education Loan (FFEL) or William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan (DL) programs receives a prepayment for such loans, it is to be applied first toward any fees due on such loans and then, unless the borrower requests otherwise, toward the principal due on the loan that bears the highest interest rate. Makes that requirement inapplicable to income-based or income contingent repayment plans for FFELs or DLs. Requires an institution of higher education holding a borrower's loans under the Federal Perkins Loan program to first apply any excess payments by the borrower toward any fees due on such loans and then, unless the borrower requests otherwise, toward the principal due on the loan that bears the highest interest rate. Amends the Truth in Lending Act to require a private education loan holder that holds more than one private education loan for a borrower to apply any prepayments on those loans first toward any fees due on such loans and then, unless the borrower requests otherwise, toward the principal due on the loan that bears the highest interest rate.
Child Passenger Protection Act - Authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to enter into contracts with, and make grants to, State highway offices and experienced child passenger safety organizations to distribute national, State, and local motor vehicle child restraint education programs and supporting educational materials. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Student Visa Security Improvement Act - Amends the the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security (DHS) to: (1) require DHS employees to conduct in-person interviews and conduct on-site reviews of applications and supporting documentation with respect to student and exchange program visa applicants prior to final visa adjudication, with emphasis on determining whether an applicant is inadmissible for terrorist-related activities; (2) require an institution or exchange visitor program participating in the Student and Exchange Visitor Program to ensure that each covered student or exchange visitor is an active program participant, is observed, and is reported to DHS if he or she transfers institutions or academic majors; (3) provide Student and Exchange Visitor Information System (SEVIS) access to appropriate employees of a SEVIS program sponsor under specified circumstances; and (4) require a SEVIS upgrade to add data fields that include verification that students are meeting minimum academic standards.
Retains the provision that authorizes such grants be used to plan, implement, or expand community learning centers, but eliminates the requirement that such centers include four or more of specified activities.
Extends the authorization of appropriations for such grants program.
Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Rewards Act This bill establishes in the Department of the Treasury a Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Rewards Program for the payment of rewards to support U.S. government programs and investigations aimed at eliminating from accounts at U.S. financial institutions any stolen assets linked to foreign government corruption and the proceeds of such corruption. Treasury may pay a reward to any individual who furnishes information leading to the restraining, seizure, forfeiture, or repatriation of stolen assets in an account at a U.S. financial institution, that come within the United States, or that come within the possession or control of any U.S. person linked to foreign government corruption. U.S. or foreign government employees are not eligible for such a reward.  Treasury shall: (1) establish procedures for the offering, administration, and payment of such rewards in order to ensure that the payment of rewards pursuant to this bill does not duplicate or interfere with any other payment authorized by the Department of Justice (DOJ) or other federal law enforcement agencies for the obtaining of information or other evidence; and (2) obtain the written concurrence of DOJ before making such a reward under this bill in a matter over which there is federal criminal jurisdiction. Such rewards shall be paid from the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund.  The total amount of rewards paid may not exceed $25 million in any calendar year. The President may waive such limitation after providing prior notice to Congress.  No single reward may exceed $5 million, except as Treasury determines necessary in exceptional cases. Treasury may reduce or deny awards to individuals claiming awards who were involved in actions leading to the misappropriation or diversion of stolen assets or other foreign government corruption. Treasury shall: (1) report annually regarding stolen assets, and (2) report describing policy choices for the disposition of recovered stolen assets.
Emergency Immigration Workload Reduction and Homeland Security Enhancement Act of 2003 - Suspends the following immigration-related authorities: (1) the visa waiver program; (2) adjustment to permanent resident status; (3) renewal of temporary protected status; (4) the diversity immigrant visa program; and (5) certain family-related immigrant visa programs. Authorizes specified waiver authority.Directs: (1) the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a public listing of every alien subject to a final order of deportation for whom the appropriate country of return has refused or unreasonably delayed such action; and (2) that U.S. visa issuance be discontinued in a country which has 24 or more listed individuals.Sets forth conditions for waiver of such suspension and related provisions.Suspends authorities of the Secretary and the Secretary of State's to issue nonimmigrant visas.Directs the Secretary to reimburse State and local law enforcement agencies for certain alien-related detention and removal costs.
Common Sense Indian Gambling Reform Act - Amends the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act with respect to: (1) consultation with state, local, and tribal governments; (2) tribal gaming ordinances; (3) investigation and approval of the involvement in a gaming activity; and (4) changing use of Indian land.
Agricultural Business Security Tax Credit Act of 2004 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a retailer of agricultural products or a manufacturer, formulator, or distributor of food-use pesticides a business tax credit for up to 50 percent of the cost of protecting certain hazardous chemicals or food-use pesticides from unauthorized access. Sets an annual limit on such credit of $2 million and a per facility limitation of $50,000 (reduced by credits received for the five prior taxable years).
Comprehensive Tuberculosis Elimination Act of 2008 - Title I: Department of Health and Human Services in Coordination with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Other Appropriate Agencies - Subtitle A: National Strategy for Combating and Eliminating Tuberculosis - (Sec. 101) Amends the Public Health Service Act to revise the grant program through which the Secretary of Health and Human Services is authorized to carry out programs with respect to the prevention, treatment, control, and elimination of tuberculosis.

Includes research on latent tuberculosis infection within such program.

Includes within such program research and development and related activities to develop new tools for the elimination of tuberculosis and new methods to enhance detection and response to tuberculosis outbreaks. Encourages the Secretary to give priority to programmatically relevant research so that new tools can be utilized in public health practice.

 Includes among demonstration projects the Secretary may carry out as part of such program projects for the development of regional capabilities to prevent, control, and eliminate tuberculosis and prevent multidrug resistant and extensively drug resistant strains of tuberculosis and projects for the intensification of efforts to: (1) reduce health disparities in the incidence of tuberculosis; (2) control tuberculosis along the U.S.-Mexico border; (3) prevent, detect, and treat tuberculosis among foreign-born persons who are in the United States; and (4) prevent, detect, and treat tuberculosis in high-risk populations and settings.

Allows the Secretary, as part of such program, to develop, enhance, and expand information technologies that support tuberculosis control, including surveillance and database management systems with cross-jurisdictional capabilities.

Requires the Secretary, in awarding grants for such tuberculosis programs, to give highest priority to applicants that will contribute nonfederal funds to carry out such activities.

Subtitle B: Interagency Collaboration - (Sec. 111) Expands the duties for the Advisory Council for the Elimination of Tuberculosis to include providing to the Secretary and other appropriate federal officials advice on: (1) coordinating the activities of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and other federal agencies; (2) responding rapidly and effectively to emerging issues in tuberculosis; and (3) efficiently utilizing the federal resources involved. Requires the Council to make or update recommendations on the comprehensive plan to eliminate tuberculosis in the United States. Sets forth reporting requirements for the Council.

Requires the Federal Tuberculosis Task Force to: (1) provide to the Secretary and other appropriate federal officials advice on research into new tools; and (2) make recommendations on the development of a comprehensive plan for the creation of new tools for the elimination of tuberculosis.

Subtitle C: Evaluation of Public Health Authorities - (Sec. 121) Requires the Secretary to: (1) report to the appropriate congressional committees on changes needed to federal and state public health authorities to address current disease containment challenges; and (2) promulgate regulations to update current interstate and foreign quarantine regulations.

Subtitle D: Authorization of Appropriations - (Sec. 131) Authorizes appropriations for FY2009-FY2013. Requires the Secretary to allocate a portion of grant funds on the basis of a formula that takes into account the level of tuberculosis morbidity and case complexity in the respective geographic area.

Title II: National Institutes of Health - (Sec. 201) Allows the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to expand, intensify, and coordinate research and development and related NIH activities with respect to tuberculosis. Authorizes such activities to include: (1) enhancing basic and clinical research on tuberculosis, including drug resistant tuberculosis; (2) expanding research on the relationship between tuberculosis and the human immunodeficiency virus; and (3) developing new tools for the elimination of tuberculosis, including public health interventions and methods to enhance detection and response to outbreaks of tuberculosis.
Farm and Ranch Risk Management Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow an individual engaged in an eligible farming business to deduct a limited amount from gross income for amounts paid into an interest-bearing Farm and Ranch Risk Management (FARRM) Account, created for the taxpayer's exclusive benefit.  Requires withdrawal of contributions within five years, upon which they are taxable as ordinary income in the year of withdrawal.  Prescribes penalties on amounts not distributed within five years.
Oil Industry Tax Break Repeal Act of 2009- Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) limit the oil depletion allowance; (2) terminate accelerated depreciation of natural gas distribution lines and Alaska natural gas pipelines, expensing of equipment used in refining of liquid fuels, the tax deduction for intangible drilling and development costs and tertiary injectants, and the tax credits for enhanced oil recovery and for producing oil and gas from marginal wells; (3) classify natural gas gathering lines as 15-year property for depreciation purposes; and (4) deny large integrated oil companies the tax deduction for income attributable to the domestic production of oil, natural gas, or related products. Defines "large integrated oil companies" as companies with gross receipts in excess of $1 billion and average daily worldwide crude oil production of at least 500,000 barrels.

Requires large integrated oil companies to revalue their LIFO inventories of crude oil, natural gas, or other petroleum products according to a specified formula. Denies such oil companies a foreign tax credit for payments to certain foreign countries from which they receive a specified economic benefit as a dual capacity taxpayer.

Establishes in the Treasury the Energy Trust Fund and dedicates amounts in such Trust Fund to accelerating the use of clean domestic renewable energy and alternative fuels, promoting energy efficiency, and increasing research, development, and deployment of clean renewable energy and efficient technologies.
Northern Forest Stewardship Act - Authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture, at the request of the Governor of Maine, New Hampshire, New York, or Vermont, to:  (1) provide technical assistance for sustainable forest management; (2) assist in coordinating ecological and economic research and implementation of interstate and Northern Forest Lands Council policies; (3) provide technical and financial assistance for State conservation land planning and acquisition (authorizes appropriations), and rural community assistance. 
Expresses the sense of the Congress regarding:  (1) the need to address certain tax policies that work against Northern Forest conservation; (2) liability exemption for private landowners who permit public use of their land; and (3) nongame conservation funding. 
Authorizes the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, at the request of the Governor of Maine, New Hampshire, New York, or Vermont, to provide technical and financial assistance for Northern Forest water quality assessment. 
Authorizes specified appropriations.
Prohibits actions in Federal court against: (1) States acting as registering agencies for damages resulting from the use of a product registered under this Act; or (2) registrants for damages resulting from adulteration or compositional alterations of such a product if the registrant could not reasonably have knowledge of such adulteration or alterations.
Securities Litigation Attorney Accountability and Transparency Act - Amends the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Securities Act of 1933 to require, in any private action in which the court enters a final judgment, that the court award the defendant reasonable fees and expenses, and impose such fees and expenses on the plaintiff's attorney, if the plaintiff's position was not substantially justified.

Requires each plaintiff and plaintiff's attorney in a private action to provide sworn certifications, filed with the complaint, that identify any conflict of interest, including any direct or indirect payment, between the attorney and the plaintiff.

Authorizes the court, in exercising its discretion over the approval of lead counsel, to employ alternative means in the selection and retention of counsel for the most adequate plaintiff, including a competitive bidding process.
Profiting from Access to Computer Technology (PACT) Act - Child PACT Act - Directs each Federal agency to: (1) safeguard and identify educationally useful Federal equipment that it no longer needs or that has been declared surplus; (2) transfer such equipment, either directly or through the General Services Administration (GSA), to educational recipients or nonprofit refurbishers; and (3) encourage employees with computer expertise to assist in providing maintenance and technical support for the recipients of such equipment, connecting school classrooms to the Internet, and helping teachers to learn to use computers to teach.
Lower Farmington River and Salmon Brook Wild and Scenic River Act  This bill amends the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate specified segments of the Lower Farmington River and Salmon Brook in Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System.  The Lower Farmington River and Salmon Brook Wild and Scenic Committee, in coordination with the Department of the Interior, shall lead and coordinate the implementation of the management plan for the designated river segments according to the amendments to the Lower Farmington River and Salmon Brook Management Plan, dated June 2011, as determined to be consistent with this bill.   The designation made by this bill shall not be construed to: (1) prohibit, pre-empt, or abridge future licensing or re-licensing of the Rainbow Dam and Reservoir by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission as a federally licensed hydroelectric generation project; or (2) affect the operation of, or impose any flow or release requirements on, the unlicensed hydroelectric facility at the dam and reservoir.   The Lower Farmington River shall not be administered as part of the National Park System (NPS) or be subject to NPS regulations.  The National Park Service may not administratively change the extent of the protection afforded to the river segments designated by this bill.  The bill also revises the description of a specified designated segment of the Farmington River in Connecticut.
Udall-Eisenhower Arctic Wilderness Act - Designates specified lands within Alaska in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR) as wilderness and components of the National Wilderness Preservation System.
Next Generation Internet Research Act of 1998 - Declares the purposes of this Act to be to:  (1) serve as the first authorization in a series of computing, information, and communication technology initiatives outlined in the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 (HPCA); and (2) provide for the development and coordination of a comprehensive and integrated U.S. research program on computer network infrastructure, high-speed data access, and networking technology. Directs the Advisory Committee on High-Performance Computing and Communications, Information Technology, and the Next Generation Internet (created under the HPCA) to assess the extent to which:  (1) the Next Generation Internet program (program) carries out the purposes of this Act and addresses concerns relating to geographic penalties (costs imposed on Internet users in rural or small population areas that are greater than those imposed on users in large population areas or areas closer to network facilities) and technology transfer to and from the private sector; and (2) the role of each Federal department and agency involved in implementing the program is clear, complementary, and non-duplicative, as well as the extent to which each such department and agency concurs with the role of each other participating department or agency. 
Requires the Advisory Committee to assess program implementation and report at least annually to the President and specified congressional committees. 
Authorizes appropriations for FY 1999 and 2000 for the program. Requires the amount authorized for the Department of Defense for FY 1999 to be the amount authorized pursuant to the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 1999. 
Directs the Secretary of Commerce to request the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a comprehensive study, taking into account the diverse needs of domestic and international Internet users, of the short-term and long-term effects on trademark and intellectual property rights holders of adding new generic top-level domains and related dispute resolution procedures. Sets forth reporting requirements for the Council and the Secretary. Authorizes appropriations.
American Broadband Competition Act of 2001 - Amends the Clayton Act to provide for the application of that Act to specified violations in the telecommunications industry, including violations by an incumbent local exchange carrier in a State. Prohibits such carrier and all affiliates from jointly marketing in a State any advanced telecommunications service with any other telecommunications or information services offered by such carrier or affiliates. Directs the Attorney General to report on suits brought herein, describing the effect that enforcement has had on competitiveness in the telecommunication marketplace.Treats certain interconnection agreements as contracts containing a written provision to settle by arbitration a controversy thereafter arising out of such contract. Subjects any such controversy to arbitration in accordance with the alternative dispute resolution (ADR) process established under this Act.Requires the Attorney General to prescribe a multi-state ADR process for disputes related to an interconnection agreement.
Abandoned Mine Lands Reclamation Reform Act of 2004 - Amends the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to repeal the authorization that certain moneys in the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund may be used: (1) by the Secretary of Agriculture for reclamation of rural lands; and (2) by the Department of the Interior for studies by contract with organizations for advice and research and development projects technical assistance.

Reduces the reclamation fee required to be paid by operators of coal mining operations.

Revises Fund allocation requirements with respect to reclamation fees.

Repeals Fund objectives concerning: (1) protection , construction, or enhancement of public facilities such as utilities, roads, recreation and conservation facilities adversely affected by coal mining practices; and (2) the development of publicly owned land adversely affected by coal mining practices including land acquired as provided in this subchapter for recreation and historic purposes, conservation, and reclamation purposes and open space benefits.

States that no lien shall be filed against any person who neither consented to, nor participated in nor exercised control over the mining operation which necessitated reclamation. Repeals the limitation of such prohibition to persons who owned the surface before May 2, 1977.

Expands certification guidelines to prescribe payments to: (1) qualified States and Indian tribes; and (2) non-qualified States and Indian tribes.
Green Chemistry Research and Development Act of 2004 - Directs the President to establish a Green Chemistry Research and Development Program to promote and coordinate Federal research, development, demonstration, education, and technology transfer activities related to green chemistry and chemical engineering to design chemical products and processes that reduce or eliminate the use or generation of hazardous substances.

Requires the President to establish an Interagency Working Group to oversee the planning, management, and coordination of the Program.
End Discriminatory State Taxes for Automobile Renters Act of 2015 This bill prohibits a state or locality from levying or collecting a discriminatory tax on the rental of motor vehicles, the business of renting motor vehicles, or motor vehicle rental property, except where such tax is imposed as of the enactment date of this Act, the tax does not lapse, the tax rate does not increase, and the tax base for such tax does not change.  A tax is considered discriminatory if it is applicable to the rental of motor vehicles or to motor vehicle businesses or property, but not to the majority of other rentals of tangible personal property or businesses within a state or locality. The bill allows a person who is aggrieved by a discriminatory tax to bring a civil action in a U.S. district court for damages, injunctive relief, other legal or equitable relief, or declaratory relief. 
Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) of the Social Security Act to entitle a beneficiary to a prorated OASDI benefit for the month in which he or she dies. Disregards OASDI benefits for the month of death in determining maximum family benefits under OASDI.
Water Supply Permitting Coordination Act  This bill establishes the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for purposes of coordinating all reviews, permits, licenses, or other approvals or decisions (reviews) required under federal law to construct new surface water storage projects in the states covered under the Reclamation Act on lands administered by the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture, exclusive of any easement, right-of-way, lease, or any private holding (qualifying projects). The Bureau: (1) upon receipt of an application for a qualifying project, shall identify any federal agency that may have jurisdiction over a required review; and (2) shall notify such agency that it has been designated as a cooperating agency unless specified conditions apply. Each cooperating agency must submit to the Bureau: (1) a timeframe for completing the agency's authorizing responsibilities, (2) all environmental review material produced in the course of carrying out activities required under federal law consistent with the project schedule, and (3) all relevant project data. A state in which a qualifying project is being considered may choose to: (1) participate as a cooperating agency; and (2) make subject to the processes of this bill all state agencies that have jurisdiction over the project, are required to conduct or issue a review, or are required to make a determination on issuing a permit, license, or approval for the qualifying project. The principal responsibilities of the Bureau are to: (1) serve as the point of contact for applicants, state agencies, Indian tribes, and others regarding qualifying projects; (2) coordinate preparation of unified environmental documentation that will serve as the basis for all federal decisions necessary to authorize the use of federal lands for qualifying projects; and (3) coordinate all federal agency reviews necessary for the development and construction of qualifying projects.  The Department of the Interior, after public notice, may accept and expend funds contributed by a non-federal public entity to expedite the evaluation of a permit of that entity related to a qualifying project. Interior must ensure that all final permit decisions are made available to the public, including on the Internet.
Church Insurance Protection Act - Prohibits an insurer from canceling, declining to renew, or requiring a higher premium or contribution for fire insurance for a religious property based on: (1) the race, color, religion, or national origin of property users; (2) the status of the property as religious property; (3) any previous arson against the property; or (4) any perceived arson threat.  Places authority and responsibility for investigating and enforcing this Act in the Attorney General.  Authorizes the Attorney General to begin a civil action.  Authorizes preventive relief and mandates civil monetary damages.
Global Development Lab Act of 2016 This bill establishes in the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) the United States Global Development Lab, whose duties shall include:    increasing the application of science, technology, innovation and partnerships to develop new solutions to end extreme poverty;   discovering and testing development innovations to increase cost effectiveness and support U.S. foreign policy and development goals;  leveraging the expertise, resources, and investment of businesses, nongovernmental organizations, science and research organizations, and universities to increase program impact and sustainability;  utilizing innovation-driven competitions to expand the number and diversity of solutions to development challenges; and  supporting USAID missions and bureaus in applying science, technology, innovation, and partnership approaches to decision making, procurement, and program design. 
. The expanded summary of the Senate passed version is repeated here.) Bob Dole Congressional Gold Medal Act  (Sec. 3) This bill directs the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate to arrange for the award of a Congressional Gold Medal to Bob Dole in recognition for his service to the nation as a soldier, legislator, and statesman.
Federal Energy Price Protection Act of 2007 - Makes it an unfair or deceptive act or practice in violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act for any person to sell crude oil, gasoline, diesel fuel, home heating oil, or any biofuel at a price that constitutes price gouging.

Instructs the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to promulgate enforcement rules within six months after enactment of this Act.

Grants enforcement authority exclusively to: (1) the FTC; (2) the Attorney General of the United States; or (3) state attorneys general.

Prescribes guidelines for enforcement of civil actions by state attorneys general. Preempts state action while federal action is pending.

Subjects violations of this Act to specified civil and criminal penalties.
Emergency Petroleum Supply Act - Amends the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to prescribe guidelines to expedite purchases and deliveries from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to entities in eligible insular areas of the United States (Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands) in the event of an oil supply disruption. 
Instructs the Secretary of Energy to promulgate regulations to provide certain benefits for such areas during the sale of petroleum product withdrawn from the Reserve.
Foreign Oil Displacement Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow an investment credit for carbonaceous fuels conversion facilities, defined as facilities for producing:  (1) oil from shale and tar sands; (2) gas from geopressured brine, Devonian shale, coal seams, or a tight formation, or from biomass; and (3) liquid, gaseous, or solid synthetic fuels from coal (including lignite, standard anthracite, peat, and any byproduct from a coal, culm, or silt preparation facility containing fixed carbon and including such fuels when used as feedstocks).  Provides for recapture. 
Allows any unused portion of a carbonaceous fuels facility credit to be sold or assigned.  Provides for the treatment of the seller and acquirer. 
Excludes from the definitions of "taxable fuel," "gasoline," "diesel fuel," and "aviation fuel," and excludes from taxation under specified provisions, fuel produced by such a facility or that portion of a blend that is such a fuel.
Family Opportunity Act of 2005 or Dylan Lee James Act - Amends title XIX (Medicaid) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to give States the option of allowing families of disabled children to purchase Medicaid coverage for such children.

Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct demonstration projects under which up to ten States are awarded grants, on a competitive basis, to test the effectiveness in improving or maintaining a child's functional level and cost-effectiveness of providing coverage of home and community-based alternatives to psychiatric resident treatment for children enrolled in the Medicaid program.

Amends SSA title V (Maternal and Child Health Services) to make appropriations to the Secretary for special projects of regional and national significance for development and support of family-to-family health information centers.

Amends SSA title XIX to provide for the restoration of Medicaid eligibility to certain SSI (Supplemental Security Income) (SSA title XVI) beneficiaries under age 21.
First State National Historical Park Act - Establishes the First State National Historical Park in Delaware as a unit of the National Park System.

Specifies that the purpose of the Park is the preservation, protection, and interpretation of the historic and cultural resources associated with Dutch, Swedish, and English settlement in Delaware and the resources associated with the role of the state of Delaware as the first state to ratify the Constitution.

Requires the preparation of a general management plan for the Park.

Requires completion of a study regarding the preservation and interpretation of additional properties in Delaware that relate to the Park's purposes, including an assessment of: (1) the potential for designating them as National Historic Landmarks; and (2) options for maintaining their historic integrity.
Private Security Officer Quality Assurance Act of 1996 - Authorizes an association of employers of private security officers to submit fingerprints or other methods of positive identification to the Attorney General on behalf of any applicant for a State license or certificate or registration as a private security officer or employer of such officers.  Authorizes the Attorney General to:  (1) exchange identification and criminal history records with State governmental agencies for licensing and employment purposes; and (2) prescribe regulations as may be necessary to carry out this Act, including measures relating to the security, confidentiality, accuracy, use, and dissemination of information and audits and recordkeeping.  Sets forth reporting requirements. 
Expresses the sense of the Congress that each State should participate in the background check system established by this Act.
Liberian Refugee Immigration Fairness Act of 2005 - Requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to adjust the status of Liberian nationals who have been continuously present in the United States from January 1, 2005, through the date of application for adjustment (or the spouse, child, or unmarried son or daughter of such aliens) if: (1) application is made before April 1, 2007; and (2) the alien is otherwise eligible for an immigrant visa and admissible as a permanent resident, except that certain specified grounds of inadmissibility do not apply.

Authorizes otherwise qualified aliens who have been ordered excluded, deported, removed, or to depart voluntarily to apply for adjustment under this Act without filing a separate motion to reopen, reconsider, or vacate such order. Prohibits the removal of such aliens pending a final determination on the application for adjustment.

Authorizes the Secretary to grant work authorization to aliens who have applied for adjustment of status under this Act.

Provides for administrative review of such adjustment decisions but precludes judicial review.

States that the Secretary of State shall not be required to offset immigrant visa numbers as the result of adjustments of status made pursuant to this Act.
Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to release U.S. reversionary interests in four deeds that conveyed certain lands within the Blackwater River and Withlacoochee State Forests in Florida.  Requires lands conveyed under the deeds to be used for public purposes. 
Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to convey to the Board of Trustees of the Internal Improvement Trust Fund of the State of Florida all of the U.S. mineral interests in any real property for which a reversionary interest is released.
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  Heirless Assets 
     Title II:  Works of Art 
Holocaust Victims Redress Act - 
Title I:  Heirless Assets
 - Directs the President to direct the commissioner representing the United States on the Tripartite Commission for the Restitution of Monetary Gold to seek and vote for a timely agreement under which all signatories to the Paris Agreement on Reparation with claims against the monetary gold pool in the Commission's jurisdiction contribute all or a substantial portion of such gold to charitable organizations to assist survivors of the Holocaust. 
Authorizes the President to obligate up to $30 million for such distribution. 
Authorizes appropriations, including appropriations for archival research to assist in the restitution of assets looted or extorted from victims of the Holocaust and such other activities that would further Holocaust remembrance and education. 
Title II:  Works of Art
 - Expresses the sense of the Congress that, consistent with the 1907 Hague Convention, all governments should undertake good faith efforts to facilitate the return of private and public property, such as works of art, to the rightful owners in cases where assets were confiscated from the claimant during the period of Nazi rule and there is reasonable proof that the claimant is the rightful owner.
Authorizes the presiding judge of a U.S. appellate court or U.S. district court to permit the photographing, electronic recording, broadcasting, or televising to the public of court proceedings over which that judge presides. Directs: (1) a district court, upon the request of any witness in a trial proceeding other than a party, to order the face and voice of the witness to be disguised or otherwise obscured to render the witness unrecognizable to the broadcast audience of the trial proceeding; and (2) the presiding judge in a trial proceeding to inform each witness who is not a party of his or her right to make such request. Authorizes the Judicial Conference of the United States to promulgate advisory guidelines to which a presiding judge may refer in making decisions regarding the management and administration of photographing, recording, broadcasting, or televising described in this Act.
Authorizes the Secretary, under specified conditions, to award a grant to an eligible entity (Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, or Utah, or any consortium of two or more of those States) for the construction of the Center in an amount not to exceed 50 percent of the construction cost.
Authorizes appropriations.
Child Tax Credit Improvement Act  This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code, with respect to the child tax credit, to: (1) allow taxpayers an increased $3,600 tax credit for each young child under the age of six (young child tax credit), subject to specified limitations based on adjusted gross income; (2) require the Department of the Treasury to establish a program to make advance payments of the young child tax credit; (3) modify the refundable portion of the child tax credit; and (4) require annual inflation adjustments for both the child tax credit and the young child tax credit. 
Truth in Lending Act Amendments of 1995 - Amends the Truth in Lending Act pertaining to consumer credit cost disclosure to exclude from the determination of finance charges:  (1) charges imposed by third parties not affiliated with the creditor (including settlement agents, attorneys, and escrow and title companies) if the creditor does not expressly require the imposition of such charges and does not retain them; (2) taxes levied on security instruments or evidences of indebtedness if payment is a precondition for recording such an instrument; (3) fees, for preparation of loan-related documents and attending or conducting settlement in extensions of credit secured by interest in real property; and (4) fees related to pest infestation on premises, structural inspections, and flood hazards. 
(Sec. 3) Excludes from a consumer's statutory right of rescission certain refinancings or consolidations of debt secured by a first lien. 
(Sec. 4) Increases the allowable tolerances for accuracy pertaining to the annual percentage rate disclosure requirements on consumer credit transactions. 
Provides that the disclosure for per diem interest shall be deemed to be accurate if it is based on information actually known to the creditor at the time that the disclosure documents are being prepared for the consummation of the transaction. 
(Sec. 5) Sets forth liability limitations for:  (1) a creditor's treatment, for disclosure purposes, of specified taxes, fees, and charges other than finance charges; and (2) a creditor's finance charge disclosures within specified tolerance limits. 
(Sec. 7) Provides that the statute of limitations on a consumer's right of rescission is absolute and acts as a bar to any subsequent assertion of such rescission in State or Federal court. 
(Sec. 8) Narrows the civil liability guidelines for consumer credit disclosures to:  (1) declare a creditor liable for actual damages sustained by a person to the extent such person demonstrates reliance on the inaccurate disclosure which prevented the person from accepting better credit terms actually available from another creditor; (2) revise the general rules for liability of a creditor's voluntary assignee for a violation apparent on the face of the disclosure statement; and (3) declare that a servicer of a consumer obligation shall not be treated as an assignee unless the servicer is the owner of the obligation.
Protecting Girls' Access to Education in Vulnerable Settings Act This bill urges the consideration of the educational needs of vulnerable women and girls in designing, implementing, and evaluating U.S. foreign assistance policies and programs.  The Department of State and the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) may advance programs that:   provide safe, primary and secondary education for displaced children;  build the capacity of institutions in countries hosting displaced people to prevent displaced children from facing educational discrimination; and  help increase the access of displaced children, especially girls, to educational, economic, and entrepreneurial opportunities.   The State Department and USAID may:   coordinate with multilateral organizations to work with foreign governments to collect relevant data, disaggregated by age and gender, on the ability of displaced people to access education and participate in economic activity; and  work with domestic and foreign private sector and civil society organizations to promote safe, primary and secondary education for displaced children.
(Sec. 2) Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) to authorize an INS officer who: (1) inspects a driver at a land border port of entry and who has reasonable grounds to believe that the driver may be operating a motor vehicle in violation of State laws to require the driver to submit to a breath test to determine the presence or concentration of the alcohol; and (2) arrests a driver for such prohibited operation of a motor vehicle to require the driver to submit to a drug or alcohol test.
(Sec. 3) Amends the INA to require the Attorney General, at each point where motor vehicles regularly enter a land border port of entry, to post a notice that operation of a motor vehicle with a drug or alcohol in the driver's body at a land border port of entry is an offense under Federal law.
(Sec. 4) Directs the Attorney General to issue regulations authorizing an INS officer to impound a vehicle if the individual who operates it refuses to submit to such a test.
Health Information Independence Act of 2001 - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to extend certain food nutrition labeling requirements to dietary supplements. Requires nutrition labels to include the relationship of a nutrient to the prevention, treatment or cure of a disease.Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to solicit Independent Scientific Reviewers from the university community to review, evaluate, and make recommendations on a particular nutrient-disease association, based on the scientific evidence available. Excludes health claims only if they are unsupported by credible scientific evidence and no disclaimer could eliminate potentially misleading connotations.Makes recommendations of Reviewers binding on the Secretary and reviewable only by the U.S. Court of Appeals for D.C. Requires costs of this program to be offset against the operating budget of the Department of Health and Human Services..
Protecting Orderly and Responsible Transit of Shipments Act of 2015 or the PORTS Act This bill amends the Labor Management Relations Act, 1947 to extend to labor slowdowns occurring at U.S. ports the President's authority to appoint a board of inquiry into the issues involved. State and territorial governors shall have authority to request the President to appoint a board of inquiry if a slowdown, or a threatened or an actual strike or lock-out, occurring at one or more U.S. ports will, if continued, imperil national or state health or safety.  If the President does not appoint a board of inquiry within 10 days after receiving a request, the governor who made the request may appoint one to report on the dispute to the governor and the President, although without recommendations. Supplemental reports are also authorized. Boards of inquiry are limited to one that may appointed for each dispute during a 90-day period. Governors may also petition for injunctions against such labor or management actions affecting ports in their states or territories.  The National Labor Relations Board, for each dispute, shall take not more than one secret ballot for the same employees in any 30-day period.
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the House on May 13, 2014.   Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2014 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to give preferential consideration in awarding Community Oriented Police Services (COPS) grants to an application from an applicant in a state that has in effect a law that: (1) treats a minor who has engaged in, or has attempted to engage in, a commercial sex act as a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons; (2) discourages the charging or prosecution of such individual for a prostitution or sex trafficking offense based on such conduct; or (3) encourages the diversion of such an individual to appropriate service providers, including child welfare services, victim treatment programs, child advocacy centers, rape crisis centers, or other social services.  (Sec. 3) Amends the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (VTVPA) to require the Attorney General's annual report on federal agencies that are implementing provisions relating to the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to include information on the activities of such agencies in cooperation with state, tribal, and local law enforcement officials to identify, investigate, and prosecute the following offenses: (1) sex trafficking by force, fraud, or coercion or with a minor; (2) sexual exploitation of children; (3) the selling and buying of children; (4) transportation with intent that the victim engage in illegal sexual activity; (5) coercion or enticement to travel for illegal sexual activity; and (6) transportation of minors for illegal sexual activity. Requires such information to include: (1) the number of individuals required by a court order to pay restitution in connection with a violation of each offense and the amount of such restitution; and (2) the age, gender, race, country of origin, country of citizenship, and description of the role of individuals convicted under each offense.  (Sec. 4) Amends the VTVPA to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS), annually beginning in FY2017, to make grants for a national communication system to assist victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons in communicating with service providers.  (Sec. 5) Amends the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 to include victims of a severe form of trafficking in persons among those eligible for the Job Corps without being required to demonstrate low-income eligibility. (Sec. 6) Authorizes the United States Marshals Service to assist state, local, and other federal law enforcement agencies, upon request, in locating and recovering missing children.
High School Athletics Accountability Act of 2004 - Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (ESEA) to direct coeducational elementary and secondary schools, if they participate in any ESEA program, to: (1) report certain information on equality in their school athletic programs to the Commissioner for Educational Statistics; and (2) make such information available to their students and potential students, upon request, and to the public.
District of Columbia and United States Territories Circulating Quarter Dollar Program Act - (Sec. 2) Requires quarter dollar coins issued during 2009 to have designs on the reverse side which are emblematic of the District of Columbia and the territories.

Authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to issue during 2009 redesigned quarter dollars commemorating the District of Columbia and the U.S. Territories, including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.

Requires the design on the reverse side of each quarter dollar issued during 2009 to be emblematic of one of the following: The District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.

Prohibits inclusion in the design of any quarter dollar any head and shoulders portrait or bust of any person, living or dead, including any portrait of a living person.

Sets forth a timing and order of issuance in equal sequential intervals.
Parental Consent Act of 2007 - Prohibits federal funds from being used to establish or implement any universal or mandatory mental health, psychiatric, or socioemotional screening program.

Prohibits federal education funds from being used to pay any local educational agency or other instrument of government that uses the refusal of a parent or legal guardian to provide consent to mental health screening as the basis of a charge of child abuse, child neglect, medical neglect, or education neglect until the agency or instrument demonstrates that it is no longer using such refusal as a basis of such charge.

Defines a screening program under this Act as any mental health screening program in which a set of individuals is automatically screened without regard to whether there was a prior indication of a need for mental health treatment, including: (1) any program of state incentive grants to implement recommendations in the July 2003 report of the President's New Freedom Commission on Mental Health, the State Early Childhood Comprehensive System, grants for TeenScreen, and the Foundations for Learning Grants; and (2) any student mental health screening program that allows mental health screening of individuals under 18 years of age without the express, written, voluntary, informed consent of the parent or legal guardian of the individual involved.
Wind Power Tax Incentives Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to permit: (1) individual taxpayers with adjusted gross incomes (taxable incomes in the case of corporate taxpayers) of $1 million or less to offset passive activity losses and credits from energy-producing wind facilities against regular income; and (2) tax-exempt cooperative organizations (including farmers' cooperatives) to apportion pro rata among their shareholders tax credits received for investment in energy-producing wind facilities.
National Slave Memorial Act - Authorizes the National Foundation for African American Heritage to establish, in the District of Columbia, a memorial to slavery to: (1) acknowledge the fundamental injustice, cruelty, brutality, and inhumanity of slavery in the United States and the 13 American colonies; and (2) honor the nameless and forgotten men, women, and children who have gone unrecognized for their undeniable and weighty U.S. contribution.
Victims of Abuse Insurance Protection Act - Prohibits insurers and health carriers from engaging in specified acts (such as denying, terminating, or limiting coverage) on the basis that the applicant or insured (or any person with whom the applicant or insured is associated) is, has been, or may be the subject of abuse involving a current or former household or family member, intimate partner, or caretaker.  Prohibits insurers from using, disclosing, or transferring information about an applicant's or insured's abuse status or abuse-related medical condition for any purpose unrelated to the direct provision of health care unless required by an order of an insurance regulatory entity or a court order.  Prohibits disclosure or transfer of an applicant's or insured's location or telephone number. 
Requires insurers to develop and follow written procedures to protect the safety and privacy of an abuse subject. 
Requires an insurer that takes any adverse action regarding an abuse subject to advise the individual of the specific reasons for the action. 
Prohibits subrogation of claims resulting from abuse without the consent of the abuse subject. 
Empowers the Federal Trade Commission to examine and investigate any insurer regarding compliance with this Act.  Provides for a private cause of action against an insurer in Federal or State court by an abuse subject applicant or insured claiming to be adversely affected by an act or practice of the insurer.
Christopher and Dana Reeve Quality of Life for Persons with Paralysis Act - Permits the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), to study the health challenges associated with paralysis and other physical disabilities and carry out projects and interventions to improve the quality of life and long-term health status of individuals with such conditions. Provides that such activities may include: (1) development of a national paralysis and physical disability quality-of-life action plan; (2) support for programs to disseminate information involving care and rehabilitation options and quality-of-life grant programs; (3) establishment of a hospital-based registry and the conduct of relevant population-based research on motor disability; and (4) development of programs, services, and demonstrations designed to support and advance quality-of-life programs for persons living with paralysis and other physical disabilities.

Allows the Secretary to award grants for activities related to paralysis, including to: (1) establish paralysis registries; (2) develop comprehensive paralysis and other physical disability action plans; (3) coordinate paralysis and physical disability activities with existing state-based disability and health programs; (4) provide education and training for health professionals and allied caregivers; (5) develop, test, evaluate, and replicate effective intervention programs to maintain and improve health and quality of life; (6) disseminate information to the public; (7) improve access to services for persons living with paralysis and other physical disabilities and their caregivers; and (8) test model intervention programs to improve health and quality of life. Sets forth reporting requirements. Authorizes appropriations. Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) as science and research have advanced, so too has the need to increase strategic planning across the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to identify research that is important to the advancement of biomedical science; and (2) research involving collaboration among NIH national research institutes and national centers is crucial for advancing research on paralysis.
National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System Act (Sec. 3) This bill directs the United States Geological Survey (USGS) to establish the National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System to monitor, issue warnings of, and protect U.S. citizens from undue and avoidable harm from, volcanic activity.  The purposes of the system are to: (1) organize, modernize, standardize, and stabilize the monitoring systems of U.S. volcano observatories; and (2) unify such systems into a single interoperative system. The objective of the system is to monitor all U.S. volcanoes at a level commensurate with the threat posed by the volcanoes by: (1) upgrading existing networks on monitored volcanoes, (2) installing new networks on unmonitored volcanoes, and (3) employing geodetic and other components when applicable. The system shall include: (1) a national volcano watch office that is operational 24 hours a day and 7 days a week, (2) a national volcano data center, (3) an external grants program to support research in volcano monitoring science and technology, and (4) modernization activities including the comprehensive application of emerging technologies. The USGS must: (1) submit to Congress a five-year management plan for establishing and operating the system, and (2) establish an advisory committee to assist in implementing the system.  The USGS may enter into cooperative agreements designating institutions of higher education and state or territorial agencies as volcano observatory partners for the system. The USGS must conduct a study to assess the feasibility of establishing volcano observatories in Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and American Samoa to monitor volcanic activity across the western and southern Pacific Ocean along the Ring of Fire. If determined to be feasible, the USGS may enter into cooperative agreements with institutions of higher education or territorial agencies to establish such observatories as part of the National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System.
Satellite Home Viewer Act of 1994 - Amends copyright law with respect to satellite carrier compulsory licenses to require the subscriber information list submitted by a satellite carrier that makes secondary transmissions of a primary transmission by a network station to include the names of the subscribers. 
Provides that in any action relating to the violation of territorial restrictions on statutory license for network stations the satellite carrier shall have the burden of proving that its secondary transmission is for private home viewing to an unserved household. 
Revises:  (1) the formula used by the satellite carrier to compute the royalty fee to be deposited semiannually with the Register of Copyrights to increase the fees for secondary transmissions subject to statutory licensing; and (2) dates and procedures regarding the adjustment of such royalty fee.  Requires a copyright royalty arbitration panel, in determining such fees, to establish fees for the retransmission of network stations and superstations that most clearly represent the fair market value of secondary transmissions. Directs the panel to base its decision upon economic, competitive, and programming information presented by the parties, including:  (1) the competitive environment in which such programming is distributed, the cost for similar signals in similar private and compulsory license marketplaces, and any special features and conditions of the retransmission marketplace; (2) the economic impact of such fees on copyright owners and satellite carriers; and (3) the impact on the continued availability of secondary transmissions to the public 
Provides that, upon a challenge by a network station regarding whether a subscriber is an unserved household, a satellite carrier shall terminate service to the household and notify the network station of such termination or conduct a measurement of the signal intensity of the subscribers's household, after notifying the network station, to determine whether the household is unserved and, if so, terminate service.  Requires the challenging station to reimburse a carrier for any signal intensity measurement that indicates the household is an unserved household. 
Revises the definition of a "network station" for purposes of cable and satellite carrier compulsory license provisions to be:  (1) a television broadcast station owned or operated by, or affiliated with, one or more of the U.S. television networks which offer an interconnected program service on a regular basis for 15 or more hours per week to at least 25 of its affiliated television licensees in ten or more States; or (2) any noncommercial educational station.  Revises the definition of:  (1) "satellite carrier" to specify that such a carrier operates in the Fixed Satellite Service or the Direct Broadcast Satellite Service; (2) "cable system" to include a facility that makes secondary transmissions of broadcast signals by microwave cables; and (3) "local service area of a primary transmitter" (in the case of a television broadcast station) to comprise either the area of which such station is entitled to insist upon its signal being retransmitted by a cable system pursuant to the rules, regulations, and authorizations of the Federal Communications Commission in effect on April 15, 1976, such station's television market (as in effect on September 18, 1993), or any subsequent modifications to such television market. 
(Sec.  4) Terminates the provisions of section 2 of this Act on December 31, 1999.
Great Lakes Ecology Protection Act of 2003 - Amends the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue regulations to: (1) prevent the introduction and spread of aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes; and (2) among other things require the use of environmentally sound treatment methods for ballast water and ballast sediments in preventing and controlling infestations of such species.Requires the Secretary to maximize public participation in proposed rulemaking with respect to such regulations.
Maritime Washington National Heritage Area Act (Sec. 3) This bill establishes the Maritime Washington National Heritage Area in the state of Washington.  The Washington Trust for Historic Preservation shall be the local coordinating entity for the Heritage Area, and shall prepare and submit a management plan for it. (Sec. 5) The Washington Trust for Historic Preservation shall not use federal funds made available under this bill for the acquisition of real property or any interests in real property.  (Sec. 7) The bill makes specific disclaimers relating to private property and federal, state, local, and tribal regulatory protections. Nothing in this bill alters, modifies, diminishes, or extinguishes any Indian tribe's treaty rights within the Heritage Area.  (Sec. 9) The bill authorizes appropriations. The federal cost share of any activity carried out under this bill shall be 50% of its total cost.  The authority of the Department of the Interior to furnish assistance under this bill terminates 15 years after enactment. 
Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2001 - Amends the Federal criminal code to set penalties for willfully causing bodily injury to any person or, through the use of fire, a firearm, or an explosive device, attempting to cause such injury, whether or not acting under color of law, because of the actual or perceived race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, or disability of any person, where the offense is in or affects interstate or foreign commerce.Directs the United States Sentencing Commission to study the issue of adult recruitment of juveniles to commit hate crimes and, if appropriate, to amend the Federal sentencing guidelines to provide sentencing enhancements for such an offense.Requires the Administrator of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention of the Department of Justice (DOJ) to make grants to State and local programs designed to combat hate crimes committed by juveniles.Authorizes appropriations to the Department of the Treasury and to DOJ to increase the number of personnel to prevent and respond to alleged violations of provisions regarding interference with specified federally protected activities, such as voting.
Healthy Children Learn Act - Amends the Head Start Act to authorize early Head Start and Head Start programs to carry out asthma, vision, and hearing screening programs.Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary Of Health and Human Services to award grants to local educational agencies for asthma, vision, hearing, and other health screening programs for public school children.Amends the Social Security Act to state that nothing under such Act or other law shall be construed as prohibiting or restricting Medicaid or school-based assistance for children receiving asthma, vision, hearing, or other health screening tests.
Commission on the Advancement of Women in the Science and Engineering Work Forces Act - Establishes the Commission on the Advancement of Women in the Science and Engineering Work Forces to study and report to the Congress on the recruitment, retention, and advancement of women in the science and engineering work forces. Authorizes appropriations.
Dextromethorphan Abuse Reduction Act of 2009 - Amends the Controlled Substances Act to prohibit sales of products containing dextromethorphan (including cough medicines) to individuals under age 18, including sales using the Internet, and to impose civil penalties for such sales.

Directs the Director of National Drug Control Policy to provide grants to certain nonprofit drug prevention entities, including the National Community Antidrug Coalition Institute, for antidrug educational campaigns aimed at individuals under age 18 and for assistance to community antidrug coalitions to prevent abuse of prescription and nonprescription drugs (including dextromethorphan).

Directs the Administrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to make grants to implement comprehensive community-wide strategies for preventing abuse of prescription and nonprescription drugs (including dextromethorphan).
Amends Federal civil service law to revise the appeals process under provisions for workers' compensation for Federal employees.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code, with respect to the exclusion from a lessee's gross income of qualified construction allowances for short-term leases, to repeal the limitation of such exclusion to short-term leases (thus extending the exclusion to allowances under any lease of retail space). 
Revises the exclusion from gross income (safe harbor) for certain contributions to the capital of retailers.  Extends such exclusion to any amount of money or other property received by the taxpayer if: (1) the taxpayer has entered into an agreement to operate (or cause to be operated) a qualified retail business at a particular location for a period of at least 15 years; (2) immediately after the receipt of such money or other property, the taxpayer owns (or uses such amount to acquire ownership of at least) the land the taxpayer will use in carrying on the business at that location; and (3) an amount equal to such amount is expended within two taxable years (expenditure rule) for the acquisition of land or for acquisition or construction of other property used in the trade or business which was the purpose motivating the contribution, and which is used predominantly in a qualified retail business at the location. 
Declares that the taxpayer shall be treated as owning the land if the taxpayer is the lessee of such land under a lease having a term of at least 30 years, and on which only nominal rent is required. 
Disallows any deduction or credit for, or by reason of, the expenditure which constitutes such a contribution to capital.
H-Prize Act of 2006 - (Sec. 3) Directs the Secretary of Energy to award competitive cash prizes biennially to advance the research, development, demonstration, and commercial application of hydrogen energy technologies.

Instructs the Secretary to widely advertise prize competitions to encourage broad participation, including by individuals, universities (including historically Black colleges and universities and other minority-serving institutions), and large and small businesses (including businesses owned or controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged persons).

Directs the Secretary enter into an agreement with a private, nonprofit entity to administer the prize competitions.

States that funding sources for such cash prizes shall consist of federal appropriated funds and funds provided by the administering entity.

Terminates the authority to announce the prize competitions on September 30, 2017.

 (Sec. 4) Designates prize-eligible categories, including: (1) advancements in certain hydrogen components or systems; (2) prototypes of hydrogen-powered vehicles or other hydrogen-based products that meet or exceed certain performance criteria; and (3) transformational changes in technologies for hydrogen distribution or production that meet or exceed far-reaching criteria, including minimal carbon emissions, and which may include cost criteria designed to facilitate the eventual market success of a winning technology.

Prescribes guidelines for implementation and eligibility.

(Sec. 6) Declares that the federal government shall not, by virtue of offering or awarding a prize under this Act, be entitled to any intellectual property rights derived as a consequence of, or direct relation to, the participation by a registered participant in a competition authorized by this Act.

(Sec. 7) Prescribes guidelines for waiver of liability by registered participants.

(Sec. 8) Authorizes appropriations for FY2007-FY2016. Prescribes award allocation guidelines.

(Sec. 9) States that the programs created under this Act shall not be considered a substitute for federal research and development programs.
Overdraft Fee Notification Act - Amends the Electronic Fund Transfer Act to prohibit a financial institution from imposing any fee or charge for consumer overdraft protection unless it notifies the consumer, in a specified manner, of the fee or charge for such protection before the transaction that would result in an overdraft is completed. Requires such notice for all in-person, automated, telephonic, and Internet-based financial transactions.

Requires financial institutions to disclose to the consumer in periodic statements the annual percentage rate of interest which any overdraft protection fee or charge represents.
Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015 (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise the nutritional information that chain restaurants and retail food establishments must disclose. The nutrient content disclosure statement on the menu or menu board must include: (1) the number of calories contained in the whole menu item; (2) the number of servings and number of calories per serving; or (3) the number of calories per common unit of the item, such as for a multi-serving item that is typically divided before presentation to the consumer. Nutritional information may be provided solely by a remote-access menu (e.g., an Internet menu) for food establishments where the majority of orders are placed by customers who are off premises. Establishments with self-serve food may comply with the requirements for restaurants or place signs with nutritional information adjacent to each food item. Reasonable variations in the actual nutrient content of items are permissible, including variations in serving size or ingredients or variations due to inadvertent human error. Establishments with standard menu items that come in different flavors, varieties, or combinations, that are listed as a single menu item can determine and disclose nutritional information using specified methods or methods allowed by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Regulations pursuant to this Act cannot take effect earlier than two years after final regulations are promulgated. The FDA must give establishments in violation of nutritional labeling requirements 90 days to correct violations. The FDA may no longer allow states or localities to vary from federal nutritional labeling requirements for chain restaurants. (Sec. 3) Restaurants and retail food establishments are not liable in a civil action for claims regarding federal or state nutritional labeling requirements unless the action is brought by the United States or a state.
Depleted Uranium Munitions Suspension and Study Act of 2006 - Requires the Secretary of Defense to direct that all elements of the Department of Defense (DOD) suspend use of depleted uranium munitions until the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) certifies to certain congressional committees that use of such munitions in future conflicts: (1) will not pose a likely long-term or residual threat to the health of U.S. or NATO military personnel; and (2) will not jeopardize the health of civilian populations in the area of such use.

Suspends federal approval of the foreign sale or export of munitions containing depleted uranium until the Secretary of HHS has made such certification.

Limits future exports to stocks certified free of transuranic matter by the Secretary of Defense.

Requires the Comptroller General to investigate and report to Congress on the contamination of stocks of depleted uranium munitions with transuranic elements.

Requires the Director of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry and the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention jointly to conduct a comprehensive study of the health effects of exposure to depleted uranium munitions on veterans and on their children born after their respective exposures to uranium.

Directs the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (Administrator) a list and maps of all sites in the United States where depleted uranium munitions have been used or produced.

Requires the Administrator to study and report to Congress and the Secretary of Defense on the possible depleted uranium contamination of the soil, air, water, and vegetation of each listed site.

Directs the Secretary of Defense to develop a plan for mitigation and cleanup at each site.
Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016 This bill amends the Clean Air Act by revising the National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) program. The bill delays the implementation of the ozone NAAQS that were published in 2015. The bill extends until: (1) October 26, 2024, the deadline for states to submit designations to implement the 2015 ozone NAAQS; and (2) October 26, 2025, the deadline for the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to designate state areas as attainment, nonattainment, or unclassifiable areas with respect to the 2015 ozone NAAQS. States must submit a state implementation plan (SIP) by October 26, 2026, to implement, maintain, and enforce the 2015 ozone NAAQS. The bill also changes the review cycle for criteria pollutant NAAQS from a 5-year review cycle to a 10-year review cycle. The EPA may not complete its next review of ozone NAAQS before October 26, 2025.  Prior to establishing or revising NAAQS, the EPA must obtain advice from its scientific advisory committee regarding potential adverse public health, welfare, social, economic, or energy effects which may result from attaining and maintaining NAAQS. The EPA must publish regulations and guidance for implementing NAAQS concurrently with the issuance of a new or revised standard. New or revised NAAQS must not apply to preconstruction permits for constructing or modifying a major emitting facility or major stationary source of air pollutants until those regulations and guidance have been published. The bill revises requirements concerning SIPs for extreme ozone nonattainment areas and particulate matter nonattainment areas.
Everglades National Park Land Exchange Act of 2008 - Requires the Secretary of the Interior, if the state of Florida offers to convey non-federal land within Florida, and the offer is acceptable, to accept the offer and convey specified federal land within Everglades National Park to the state. Requires the land acquired by the Secretary through the exchange to become part of the Park.

Ratifies a specified agreement between the United States and Florida Power & Light Company for the exchange and relocation of the Company's property in or adjacent to the Everglades National Park Expansion Area.

Authorizes the Secretary to prepare an environmental assessment regarding such land exchange that identifies any immediate and proximate effect that may arise from the exchange and any potential mitigation measure for each such effect identified.

Authorizes the Secretary to enter into an agreement with the Osceola family of Roy Cypress that: (1) allows the family to perpetually occupy and use a parcel of land commonly known as the William McKinley Osceola Hammock as a domestic residence; and (2) ensures that the occupancy and use of the Hammock by such family does not prevent the Secretary from constructing necessary improvements allowing for the completion of the Central and Southern Florida Project (for the improvement of water deliveries to the Park). Bars the area of the Hammock, subject to the written approval of the Secretary, from being enlarged through the addition of fill or by any other means.
National Science Education Incentive Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow: (1) certain science, engineering, math, or technology teachers who teach in elementary or secondary schools a refundable tax credit for ten percent of their undergraduate tuition costs, up to $1,000 ($1,500 for teachers in high-needs school districts); and (2) a general business tax credit for certain contributions of property or services to elementary and secondary schools and for teacher training to promote instruction in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics (STEM contributions).
Fee Repeal and Expanded Access Act of 2007 - Rewrites specified provisions of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act.

Provides for the application and administration of certain admission and use fee authorities under the Land and Water Conservation Act of 1965, the Emergency Wetlands Resources Act of 1986, and the National Parks Omnibus Management Act of 1998 as if the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act had not been enacted.
American 5-Cent Coin Design Continuity Act of 2002 - Authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to change the design on the obverse and the reverse of the 5-cent coin for coins issued in 2003 and 2004 in commemoration of the bicentennial of the Louisiana Purchase.Amends Federal law governing coins and currency to mandate that: (1) the obverse of any 5-cent coin issued after December 31, 2004, bear an image of Thomas Jefferson; and (2) the reverse of any such coin bear an image of the home of Thomas Jefferson at Monticello.Establishes the Coin Design Advisory Committee to advise the Secretary on: (1) design proposals relating to circulating coinage and numismatic items, including congressional gold medals; and (2) any other issues relating to items produced by the U.S. Mint that the Secretary may request.
Federal Gang Violence Act - Directs the United States Sentencing Commission to amend the sentencing guidelines to provide an appropriate enhancement, increasing the offense level by not less than six levels, for any offense committed in connection with, or in furtherance of, the activities of a criminal street gang where the defendant was a member of such gang at the time of the offense. 
(Sec. 3) Amends Federal criminal code provisions regarding criminal street gangs to:  (1) delete the definition of "conviction"; (2) redefine "criminal street gang" to cover a group whose members have engaged during the previous five-year period in a pattern of criminal gang activity; and (3) define "pattern of criminal gang activity" to mean the commission of two or more predicate gang crimes in connection with the activities of a criminal street gang, on separate occasions, at least one of which crimes was committed after the date of this Act's enactment and the first of which was committed not more than five years before the commission of another predicate gang crime. 
Defines "predicate gang crime" as an offense, including an act of juvenile delinquency that, if committed by an adult, would be:  (1) a Federal offense that is a crime of violence, that involves a controlled substance for which the penalty is at least five years' imprisonment, or that is a violation of other specified prohibitions under the code or under the Immigration and Nationality Act; (2) a State offense involving conduct that would constitute such an offense if Federal jurisdiction existed or had been exercised; or (3) a conspiracy, attempt, or solicitation to commit such offenses.   Sets penalties for engaging in a pattern of criminal gang activity. 
(Sec. 4) Amends the Travel Act to increase:  (1) penalties for violations; and (2) the scope of unlawful activities under such Act. 
(Sec. 5) Prohibits and sets penalties for soliciting or recruiting persons to participate in criminal street gang activity. 
(Sec. 6) Makes: (1) crimes involving the recruitment of persons to participate in criminal street gangs, and acts or conspiracies to violate firearms laws, predicate offenses under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act; and (2) serious juvenile drug offenses predicate offenses under the Armed Career Criminal Act. 
Increases penalties for firearms prohibitions, including by setting a three-year minimum term of imprisonment for transferring firearms to minors for use in crime. 
(Sec. 8) Directs the Commission to amend the sentencing guidelines to provide an appropriate sentencing enhancement, increasing the offense level not less than two levels, for any crime in which the defendant used body armor. 
(Sec. 9) Authorizes appropriations to hire Assistant U.S. Attorneys and attorneys in the Department of Justice's criminal division to prosecute juvenile criminal street gangs.
Emergency Agricultural Disaster Assistance Act of 2002 - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to provide: (1) emergency financial assistance to agricultural producers (without regard to Federal crop insurance coverage) who have incurred qualifying 2001 and/or 2002 crop losses due to weather or related conditions; and (2) payments to livestock producers who have incurred 2001 and/or 2002 losses in an emergency-designated county, with set-asides for the American Indian livestock program.
Flexibility and Access in Rebuilding American Fisheries Act of 2011 - Amends the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to require fishery management plans, amendments, or regulations for overfished fisheries to specify a time period for ending overfishing and rebuilding the fishery that is as short as practicable (under current law, as short as possible). Modifies the exceptions to the requirement that such period not exceed 10 years.

Requires consideration, in evaluating progress to end overfishing and rebuild overfished stocks, of factors other than commercial and recreational fishing.

Requires, when the Secretary of Commerce extends the period under specified provisions, that the maximum rebuilding time not exceed the sum of the initial 10-year period, the expected time to rebuild the stock absent any fishing mortality and under prevailing environmental conditions, and the mean generation time of the stock.

Directs Regional Fishery Management Councils to consider data on recreational fishermen when specifying annual catch limits in a fishery management plan.

Authorizes the Secretary to suspend application of the annual catch limits to a fishery for any period that: (1) the fishery is neither overfished nor approaching such condition, (2) any stock previously affected by overfishing is rebuilt, and (3) scientific advice of the relevant Council committee is insufficient to ensure consistency with the national standard.

Requires the fishery impact statement of a fishery management plan to address the impacts and possible mitigation measures for coastal businesses dependent on recreational and commercial fishing industries.

Directs: (1) each Council to submit an annual impact statement to the Secretary describing whether each fishery management plan is projected to have any adverse economic impact (and the estimated dollar amount of any impact) on such recreational and commercial fishermen and coastal businesses, and (2) the Secretary to mitigate any such impacts.
Maritime and Energy Workforce Technical Training Enhancement Act This bill directs the Department of Energy (DOE) to award grants to enable eligible community colleges and other public postsecondary institutions of higher education that are located near marine or port facilities in the Gulf of Mexico, Atlantic Ocean, Pacific Ocean, or Great Lakes to expand upon existing programs in maritime and energy workforce technical training, including by admitting more students, training faculty, expanding facilities, creating new maritime career pathways from an associate degree to a baccalaureate degree, awarding credit for prior learning experience, and increasing cooperation with an appropriate federal agency or the National Science Foundation.  DOE shall give priority to institutions that have entered into a partnership with an appropriate federal agency. Recipients shall use grant amounts for:  training related to maritime or energy transportation, logistics, and supply chain management or to shipbuilding and ship repair; enhancement of academic and workforce training programs for maritime and energy employment; salary supplementation for faculty in maritime or energy training and education; operation and maintenance of maritime or energy related equipment and technology for use in instructional programs; acquisition of marine vessels and other assets and equipment for use in maritime or energy related training and education; renovation or construction of buildings to house maritime or energy training and education programs; or tuition reimbursement for successful completion of a maritime or energy course, program, or certification.   DOE may also award a grant to an eligible nonprofit organization (one with at least 10 years of expertise in working with community colleges on developing workforce development programs) to provide assistance in carrying out this Act.  DOE shall award a grant to to enable up to 10 eligible institutions that offer accredited programs in academic areas relevant to maritime or energy-related workforce training to: (1) establish Centers of Excellence in Maritime and Energy Workforce Technical Training; and (2) improve and expand maritime and energy workforce training opportunities through such Centers for veterans, members of the Armed Forces, federal employees, and civilians by implementing new training programs and providing job placement services in maritime and energy employment fields. 
Endangered Salmon Predation Prevention Act - Amends the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to authorize the Secretary of the department in which the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) is operating to issue one-year permits for the lethal taking of California sea lions on the waters of the Columbia River or its tributaries if the Secretary determines that alternative measures to reduce sea lion predation on salmonid stocks listed as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 do not adequately protect such stocks.

Prohibits such a permit from authorizing the lethal taking of more than 10 California sea lions. Limits the cumulative annual taking of California sea lions each year under all such permits to 1% of the annual potential biological removal level. Requires the Secretary to determine whether alternative measures to reduce sea lion predation on such salmonid stocks will adequately protect them.

Prohibits a California sea lion from being taken unless the permit holder has determined that: (1) such sea lion has preyed upon salmonid stocks in the Columbia River, and (2) nonlethal alternative measures have not been effective.

Terminates such permitting authority after the earlier of five years after this Act's enactment or the date the Secretary determines that lethal removal authority is no longer necessary to protect such salmonid stocks.

Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) nonlethal means of preventing sea lion predation of salmonid stocks in the Columbia River is preferable to lethal means, (2) permit holders exercising lethal removal authority should be trained in wildlife management, and (3) the government should continue to support effective nonlethal alternatives.
Common Sense Medical Malpractice Reform Act of 2003 - Establishes an alternative dispute resolution (ADR) procedure for all health care liability actions, except an action for damages arising from a vaccine-related injury or death to the extent that title XXI of the Public Health Service Act applies.(Sec. 3) Establishes a statute of limitations for health care liability actions of one year from the date on which the alleged injury was discovered or should reasonably have been discovered, but in no case more than three years after the date the alleged injury occurred.(Sec. 4) Makes a defendant in any health care liability action liable only for the amount of noneconomic damages attributable to such defendant. Limits total noneconomic damages for an injury to $250,000.Outlines requirements for, and limitations on, the award of punitive damages. Permits periodic payments of any damages awarded for future economic and noneconomic loss exceeding $50,000.Permits defendants to introduce evidence of collateral source payments.(Sec. 5) Specifies limits to contingent fees.(Sec. 6) Declares that any ADR used to resolve a health care liability action or claim shall contain provisions for a statute of limitations, noneconomic damages, joint and several liability, punitive damages, a collateral source rule, periodic payments, and limitations on contingent fees which are identical to the provisions of this Act.
(Sec. 3) Authorizes NSF to make grants for the establishment of regional plant genome and gene expression research and development centers to: (1) develop capabilities in basic plant genome research; (2) extend basic plant genomics research through plant breeding programs and accelerate its application to crop improvement; and (3) serve as centers for scientific and safety information on plant genomics. Prohibits NSF from providing funds for more than half of the cost of establishing any such research and development center.
(Sec. 4) Directs NSF to make grant awards to support research on learning, focusing on: (1) brain research as a foundation for research on human learning; (2) behavioral, cognitive, affective, and social aspects of learning; (3) science, mathematics, engineering, and technological learning in formal and informal educational settings; and (4) learning in complex educational systems. Specifies the goals of such research to be to integrate scientific disciplines into research on learning, to gain a better understanding of how research and educational practice can be reconciled, and to test, evaluate, and refine hypotheses across disciplines. Requires NSF to make grants for the establishment of centers of research on learning to bring together multidisciplinary teams of researchers to support such research goals.
Authorizes NSF to participate in the Interagency Education Research Initiative.
Directs NSF to sponsor a conference on human learning and education research to bring together researchers from many disciplines, including the physical sciences, neurological sciences, social sciences, and education practitioners, to review past research on learning, assess current research efforts, and develop recommendations to address outstanding research issues and to disseminate research results to such practitioners.
(Sec. 5) Prohibits NSF from entering into an arrangement under the Intergovernmental Personnel Act of 1970 for the detail of any of its employees to locations other than NSF facilities.
(Sec. 6) Requires the Director of NSF to establish a program providing for: (1) an external review and appropriate revision of NSF ethics rules and procedures; and (2) training of all NSF employees on revised rules and procedures. Requires the Director to report to specified congressional committees at least once every six months on: (1) the number of NSF employees trained; and (2) the number and type of ethics violations determined to have occurred, along with a description of their resolution.
(Sec. 8) Prohibits the application of the Federal Reports Elimination and Sunset Act of 1995 with respect to specified NSF reports.
Maritime Washington National Heritage Area Act This bill establishes the Maritime Washington National Heritage Area in the state of Washington.  The Washington Trust for Historic Preservation shall be the local coordinating entity for the area and shall prepare and submit a management plan for it. 
Ultrasound Informed Consent Act Amends the Public Health Service Act to require abortion providers, before a woman gives informed consent to any part of an abortion, to perform an obstetric ultrasound on the pregnant woman, provide a simultaneous explanation of what the ultrasound is depicting, display the ultrasound images so the woman may view them, and provide a complete medical description of the images, including the dimensions of the embryo or fetus, cardiac activity if present and visible, and the presence of external members and internal organs if present and viewable.  Prohibits construing this Act to require a woman to view the images or penalizing the provider or the woman if she declines to look at the images. Exempts an abortion provider if the abortion is necessary to save the life of a woman whose life is endangered by a physical condition. Requires the provider to include in the woman's medical file a certification of the specific medical circumstances that support this determination. Authorizes the Attorney General to commence a civil action in federal court against any abortion provider who knowingly violates this Act. Prescribes penalties. Directs the Attorney General to notify the appropriate state medical licensing authority of penalties assessed. Authorizes a woman upon whom an abortion has been performed in violation of this Act to commence a civil action against the provider for actual and punitive damages.
Pharmacy Education Aid Act of 2003 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to permit payments of up to $35,000 on behalf of a qualifying individual with a pharmacy degree for the repayment of pharmacy education loans for each year (two-year minimum) that such person serves in a health care facility with a critical shortage of pharmacists. Provides for: (1) additional tax liability payments; (2) financial need preference; and (3) Federal repayment for recipient breach of agreement unless otherwise waived.

Directs the Secretary to make payments of up to $35,000 on behalf of a qualifying individual with a pharmacy degree or in the final year of such study for the repayment of pharmacy educational loans for each year (two-year minimum) that such person serves as a faculty member at a school of pharmacy which provides assistance to: (1) medically underserved areas; (2) prisons; (3) veterans or the armed forces; (4) the Indian Health Service; or (5) a disproportionate share hospital under the Social Security Act .
Transparency and Honesty in Energy Regulations Act of 2016 This bill prohibits the Department of Energy and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from considering the social cost of carbon or methane as part of any cost benefit analysis, unless a federal law is enacted authorizing such consideration. The EPA must report on the number of proposed and final rulemakings, guidance documents, and agency actions since January 2009 that use either of those social costs, including as part of any cost benefit analysis required under Executive Order 12866 and other relevant authorities.
Workforce Fairness and Tax Relief Act of 2003 - Authorizes Federal payments to States for certain portions of a State's special unemployment assistance for individuals participating in qualified worker training programs.

Provides for payment agreements between the Secretary of Labor and States that: (1) have a State unemployment compensation law approved by the Secretary; and (2) are required by State law to pay such special assistance to such trainees. Amends the Internal Revenue Code to repeal the tax on unemployment compensation.
Law Enforcement Officers Equity Act   This bill expands the definition of "law enforcement officer" under provisions of the Federal Employees Retirement System (FERS) and the Civil Service Retirement System (CSRS) to include: (1) federal employees not otherwise covered whose duties include the investigation or apprehension of suspected or convicted criminals and who are authorized to carry a firearm; (2) Internal Revenue Service employees whose duties are primarily the collection of delinquent taxes and the securing of delinquent returns; (3) U.S. Postal Inspection Service employees; (4) Department of Veterans Affairs police officers; and (5) certain U.S. Customs and Border Protection employees who are seized-property specialists with duties relating to custody, management, and disposition of seized and forfeited property.  Service performed by an incumbent (an individual appointed before enactment of this bill to a position that is considered to be a law enforcement officer under FERS and the CSRS only by virtue of the expanded definition in this bill) on or after enactment of this bill shall be treated as service performed as a law enforcement officer. Service performed by an incumbent before enactment of this bill shall be treated for federal retirement purposes as service performed as such an officer only if a written election is submitted to the Office of Personnel Management within five years after enactment of this bill or before separation from service, whichever is earlier. An incumbent who makes an election before enactment of this bill may pay a deposit into the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund to cover prior service.  Nothing under current law respecting mandatory separation from government service under CSRS or FERS shall cause the mandatory separation of an officer during the three-year period beginning on the enactment of this bill.
Get the Lead Out of Schools Act  This bill amends the Safe Drinking Water Act to require the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to promulgate a national primary drinking water regulation for schools and day care facilities that: (1) establishes a lead action level (a level of lead in drinking water that triggers additional actions to control lead contamination) of at least 15 parts per billion; (2) directs each public water system to sample for lead in the drinking water at schools and day care facilities if the EPA determines there is a risk that the lead in the drinking water will meet or exceed the action level; and (3) directs public water systems that serve schools or day cares that meet or exceed the action level to notify the local educational agency, the relevant local health agencies, the municipality, and the state as soon as practicable, but no later than five business days after the system receives the sampling results.  The EPA must also establish a grant program for: (1) testing drinking water in schools and day care facilities for lead contamination, and (2) remediating lead contamination in such drinking water by replacing lead pipes and certain plumbing materials with lead-free material.
Theodore Roosevelt Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue not more than: (1) 500,000 $1 coins with the image of Theodore Roosevelt as a Rough Rider on one side and an eagle design on the other side; and (2) 500,000 $1 coins with the image of Roosevelt on horseback on one side and a flaming sword of righteousness on the other side. Calls for the coins to be struck at the U.S. Mint at West Point, New York. Authorizes the Secretary to issue such minted coins beginning on January 1, 2006, and to initiate coin sales before such date (2006 will mark the 100th anniversary of Roosevelt receiving the Nobel Peace Prize). Requires surcharges from the sale of the coins to be paid to the Theodore Roosevelt Association to be used exclusively for educational programs at Sagamore Hill National Historic Site, including for construction and maintenance of a visitor's center.
Leave Ethanol Volumes at Existing Levels Act or the LEVEL Act  This bill amends the Clean Air Act to revise the renewable fuel program by decreasing the volume of renewable fuel that must be contained in motor vehicle fuel in 2015 through 2022 to 7.5 billion gallons for each year. The separate volume requirements are eliminated for the following renewable fuel categories: advanced biofuels, cellulosic biofuel (ethanol derived from certain types of biological matter), and biomass-based diesel.  The bill revokes the requirement that the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) ensure that renewable fuels emit fewer greenhouse gases than the fuel it replaces. One gallon of cellulosic biomass ethanol or waste-derived ethanol is considered to be equal to 2.5 gallons of renewable fuel. Petitions for waivers from requirements under the renewable fuel program may not be brought to the EPA by a person who is subject to the requirements of the program. The EPA may not permit or authorize the introduction into commerce of gasoline that: (1) contains greater than 10% ethanol by volume, (2) is intended for general use in conventional gasoline-powered vehicles or engines, and (3) is not registered under the program and lawfully sold in the United States before this Act's enactment. This prohibition applies to EPA grants of waivers through the fuels and fuel additives waiver process as well. This bill nullifies waivers that permit the introduction into commerce of gasoline that contains greater than 10% ethanol by volume for general use in conventional gasoline-powered vehicles or engines, except for waivers for gasoline that is registered and lawfully sold in the United States before this Act's enactment. 
Comprehensive Labor Evaluation and Research Act or the CLEAR Act This bill establishes in the Department of Labor an Office of Labor Evaluation and Research to collaborate with federal agencies to ensure that evaluations of labor issues meet evidence-based research standards and that the results are disseminated in forms that are usable or adaptable by practitioners, researchers, policymakers, and the public.  Labor must appoint a Chief Evaluation Officer as the head of the office to: (1) manage and conduct scientifically valid evaluation and research of labor issues, (2) assist in establishing and refining structures for programs and activities, (3) measure impacts of programs, (4) carry out data analytics to strengthen management, (5) solicit stakeholder recommendations, (6) identify long-term priority topics, (7) coordinate activities with other federal agencies, and (8) disseminate information to stakeholders.  The Chief Evaluation Officer must maintain a Clearinghouse for Labor Evaluation and Research that: (1) reviews whether labor evaluations and research meet evidence-based research standards; (2) promotes accessibility and public awareness of results that meet the standards; (3) encourages the use of reviewed evaluations and research to inform policies, programs, and activities; (4) assesses the quality of evaluations that examine the effectiveness of particular programs; and (5) acts to synthesize evaluations and research within a topic area, highlight gaps in literature, and identify areas for further research.  The Chief Evaluation Officer may award grants, enter contracts and cooperative agreements, and provide technical assistance to Labor agencies and other entities to carry out this bill. 
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the Senate on March 14, 2016.  Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Accountability Act of 2015 (Sec. 2) This bill directs the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), in coordination with the General Services Administration (GSA), to submit information on the implementation of the enhanced plan for the DHS headquarters consolidation project within the National Capital Region, approved by the Office of Management and Budget and included in the budget of the President for FY2016, that includes:  a proposed occupancy plan that includes specific information about which DHS-wide operations, component operations, and support offices will be located at the site, the aggregate number of full time equivalent employees projected to occupy the site, the seat-to-staff ratio at the site, and schedule estimates for migrating operations to the site; a comprehensive assessment of the difference between the current real property and facilities needed by DHS in the Region to carry out its mission and its future needs; an analysis of the difference between the current and needed capital assets and facilities of DHS; a current plan for construction of the headquarters consolidation at the St. Elizabeths campus that includes the estimated costs and schedule for the current plan and any estimated cost savings associated with reducing the scope of the project and increasing the use of existing capacity developed under the project; a current plan for the leased portfolio of DHS in the Region that includes an end-state vision that identifies which DHS-wide operations, component operations, and support offices do not migrate to the St. Elizabeths campus and continue to operate at a property in the leased portfolio, the number of full-time equivalent employees who are expected to operate at each property, component, or office for each year until the consolidation project is completed, the anticipated total rentable square feet leased per year between the date of this Act's enactment and the date on which the consolidation project is completed, and the timing and anticipated lease terms for leased space; and an analysis that identifies the costs and benefits of leasing and construction alternatives for the remainder of the consolidation project, including a comparison of the long-term cost that would result from leasing to the cost of consolidating functions on government-owned space and the identification of any cost impacts in terms of premiums for short-term lease extensions or holdovers due to the uncertainty of funding for, or delays in, completing construction required for the consolidation.   The bill directs the Government Accountability Office to evaluate the quality and reliability of the cost and schedule estimates submitted and report on the results.
Red River Private Property Protection Act - (Sec. 2) States that the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), disclaims interest to certain lands along a stretch of the Red River between Texas and Oklahoma located south of the South Bank as specified in the Supreme Court decree rendered March 12, 1923, in Oklahoma v. Texas.  (Sec. 3) Directs the BLM to relinquish, disclaim, and transfer, by special warranty deed, all interest of the United States in and to a specified stretch of Red River lands to any claimant who demonstrates: (1) an interest under a chain of title for at least 30 years from the time of submission, (2) a deed recorded in the appropriate county, and (3) payment of all taxes assessed on the land and any interest and penalties associated with any period of tax delinquency.  Requires publication in the Federal Register and on official and appropriate websites of a process for receiving submissions of such documents.  Sets forth standards for the BLM to approve or disapprove special warranty deed requests. (Sec. 4) Requires administrative hearing procedures to be established for appeals of BLM decisions&nbsp;or adjudications of disputes between property owners with overlapping claims. Allows property owners who dispute final administrative decisions to pursue claims in a Texas federal court.  (Sec. 5) Instructs the BLM to ensure that no parcels of Red River lands are treated as federal land for the purpose of any resource management plan until&nbsp;the BLM&nbsp;has ensured that such parcels are not subject to transfer by this Act.  (Sec. 6) Prohibits this Act from altering: (1) interests of the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Tribes; (2) tribal trust lands; (3) allotted lands that may be held in trust or lands subject to a federal restriction against alienation; (4) boundaries of certain tribe-owned lands pursuant to the gradient boundary survey method established in the Supreme Court decree; and (5) the sovereign rights, jurisdiction, or governmental interests of those tribes. (Sec. 7) Directs the BLM, after ensuring that Red River lands parcels are not subject to transfer to a claimant, to offer remaining identified federal lands for disposal by competitive sale for at least fair market value. Requires sales to be subject to existing tribal, state, and local rights.  Requires the BLM, within five years after enactment of this Act, to submit to Congress a list of identified federal lands that have not been sold and the reasons those lands were not sold.
Cheaper Car Insurance Act of 2010 - Amends the federal criminal code to impose criminal penalties on anyone who knowingly: (1) commits automobile insurance fraud; or (2) acts as a runner, capper, steerer, organizer, mastermind, or leader of an auto insurance fraud operation.

Directs the Department of Justice (DOJ) to publish best practices for states to use in licensing: (1) auto body shops that perform work paid for by insurers; and (2) medical treatment for people injured in auto accidents.

Directs the Attorney General to: (1) cooperate with the offices of the United States attorneys to investigate fraudulent chop shops and salvage yards, prosecute automobile insurance fraud, and report statistics on investigations, prosecutions, and convictions of automobile insurance fraud; and (2) establish Federal-State-Local Anti-Auto Insurance Fraud Task Forces in cities most severely affected by automobile insurance fraud.

Grants an insurance company the right to require a mandatory inspection of any motor vehicle prior to agreeing to provide insurance coverage and to waive such right under specified circumstances.
Post-Abortion Depression Research and Care Act of 2007 - Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), to expand and intensify NIMH research and related activities with respect to post-abortion depression and psychosis.

Requires the Director of NIMH to: (1) conduct or support research to expand the understanding of the causes of, and to find a cure for, such post-abortion conditions; and (2) conduct a study to determine the incidence and prevalence of cases of post-abortion conditions and the symptoms, severity, and duration of such cases, toward the goal of more fully identifying the characteristics of such cases and developing diagnostic techniques. Requires the Secretary to make grants to establish, operate, and coordinate effective and cost-efficient systems for the delivery of essential services to individuals with such post-abortion conditions.
Public Safety Ex-Offender Self-Sufficiency Act of 2002 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to establish, as general business credit, a temporary ex-offender low-income housing credit for housing provided to qualified ex-offenders in a qualified ex-offender residential building providing a required ex-offender support services program.
Higher Education Affordability and Equity Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) repeal the dollar limitation on the tax deduction for interest on education loans and expand eligibility for such deduction by revising the modified adjusted gross income phaseout for such deduction; (2) make the tax deduction for qualified tuition and related expenses permanent; (3) increase from $2,000 to $5,000 the maximum allowable contribution to a Coverdell savings account; (4) exclude from gross income amounts received for qualified higher education expenses (e.g., books, supplies, room, board, and special needs services); and (5) allow certain additional expenses (e.g., fees, books, supplies, and equipment) for purposes of the Hope Scholarship Tax Credit and provide that such tax credit shall not be reduced by Federal Pell Grants and Supplemental Educational Opportunity (SEOG) Grants.

Repeals the sunset provisions of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 (EGTRRA) applicable to title IV, subtitles A, B, and D (Affordable Education Provisions) of such Act.

Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 (HEA) to provide that a qualified education benefit shall not be considered an asset of a student for purposes of a student financial need analysis. Defines "qualified education benefit" as a tax-exempt tuition credits program, a State education prepayment plan, and a Coverdell education savings account.
Establishes an annual income-adjusted credit (up to $1,500) for the interest paid during the first 60 months of a qualified higher education loan by a non-dependent taxpayer.
Child Protection Act of 2012 - Amends the federal criminal code to impose a fine and/or prison term of up to 20 years for transporting, receiving, distributing, selling, or possessing pornographic images of a child under the age of 12.

Requires a U.S. district court to issue a protective order prohibiting harassment or intimidation of a minor victim or witness if the court finds evidence that the conduct at issue is reasonably likely to adversely affect the willingness of the minor witness or victim to testify or otherwise participate in a federal criminal case or investigation.

Directs the U.S. Sentencing Commission to review and amend the federal sentencing guidelines and policy statements to ensure that such guidelines provide an additional penalty for sex trafficking of children and other child abuse crimes.

Allows the Director of the U.S. Marshals Service to issue an administrative subpoena for the investigation of unregistered sex offenders by the U.S. Marshals Service.

Amends the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008 to: (1) double the amount that the Attorney General may award a non-law enforcement agency entity annually to establish and conduct training courses for National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program task force members and other law enforcement officials, (2) require the Attorney General to designate a senior official at the Department of Justice (DOJ) with experience in investigating or prosecuting child exploitation cases as the National Coordinator for Child Exploitation Prevention and Interdiction to be responsible for coordinating the development of the National Strategy for Child Exploitation Prevention and Interdiction, (3) authorize appropriations for carrying out such strategy for FY2014-FY2018, (4) delete a requirement that the National Internet Crimes Against Children Data System identify high-priority suspects based on the volume of suspected criminal activity, and (5) require the Attorney General to report within 90 days after enactment of this Act on the status of the establishment of such System.
Securing Care for Seniors&nbsp;Act of 2015 This bill amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to require the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services (CMS)&nbsp;to&nbsp;periodically revise the Medicare Advantage (MA) risk adjustment system, such that an individual's risk score takes into account the number of chronic conditions with which the individual has been diagnosed. In addition, CMS must evaluate the impacts to the system of:&nbsp;(1) using two years of data, (2) removing diagnostic codes related to chronic kidney disease, and (3) modifying the use of encounter data (information on services furnished to MA enrollees). If CMS subsequently determines that any of these revisions&nbsp;would better reflect the population served, CMS shall make such revisions. Before doing so, however, CMS must: (1) ensure that the changes do not prevent an MA organization from performing activities that are consistent with national health policy goals, and (2) provide an opportunity for review and public comment.
Directs the Secretary of Agriculture (USDA) to convey and quitclaim all interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements, located at 4500 Glenwood Drive in Riverside, California, and administered by the Natural Resources Conservation Service, to the Riverside Corona Resource Conservation District. 
Women's Progress Commemoration Act - Establishes the Women's Progress Commemoration Commission to, in cooperation with the Secretary of the Interior and other appropriate Federal, State, and local public and private entities, prepare and submit to the Secretary a report that:  (1) identifies sites of historical significance to the women's movement; and (2) recommends actions, under the National Historic Preservation Act and other law, to rehabilitate and preserve the sites and provide to the public interpretive and educational materials and activities at the sites. 
Authorizes appropriations. 
Requires the Secretary, after receipt of the Commission's report, to report to the Congress on the actions that have been taken to preserve the sites identified in the Commission's report as being of historical significance.
Requires the Secretary, if the conveyance has not been completed within one year and 180 days after the enactment date of this Act, to report to the House Committee on Resources and the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources on the conveyance's status, any obstacles to completion, and the anticipated completion date.
Directs the State, as a condition of the conveyance, to pay to the Secretary the adjusted net present value of current repayment obligations on the Project as prescribed by this Act. Requires the State to also pay interest on the adjusted net present value of such obligations from the date of the State's most recent annual payment until closing at the interest rate for constant maturity U.S. Treasury notes of an equivalent term. Extinguishes the State's and the Bureau of Reclamation's obligation under a specified Bureau contract upon payment by the State of such amount. Requires the State, after completion of the conveyance, to assume full responsibility for all aspects of operation, maintenance, and replacement of the Project.
Requires the State, as a condition of the conveyance, to agree that the lands, water, and facilities of the Project shall continue to be managed and operated for the purposes for which the Project was originally authorized; that is, to provide a dependable municipal and industrial water supply, to conserve and develop fish and wildlife resources, and to enhance recreational opportunities. Requires the State, in future management of the Project, consistent with other project purposes and the provision of such a water supply, to: (1) provide full public access to the Project's lands, subject to reasonable restrictions for purposes of Project security, public safety, and natural resource protection; (2) not sell or otherwise dispose of the lands conveyed under this Act; (3) prohibit private or exclusive uses of such lands; (4) maintain and manage the Project's fish and wildlife resource and habitat for the benefit and enhancement of those resources; (5) maintain and manage the Project's existing recreational facilities and assets, including open space for the benefit of the public; and (6) not charge the public recreational use fees that are more than is customary and reasonable.
Provides that, as a condition of the conveyance, management decisions and actions affecting the Project's public aspects (namely fish, wildlife, and recreation resources) shall: (1) be conducted according to a management agreement between all recipients of title to the Project and the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department that has been approved by the Secretary; and (2) extend for the useful life of the Project.
Requires all mineral interests in the Project retained by the United States to be managed consistent with Federal law and in a manner that will not interfere with the purposes for which the Project was authorized.
States that nothing in this Act increases the liability of the United States beyond that provided for in the Federal Tort Claims Act.
Deauthorizes the Project on the date of its conveyance. Specifies that the State shall not be entitled to receive any benefits for the Project after deauthorization.
COLA Fairness Act of 2005 - Requires the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor to establish: (1) a mapping of the United States comprising 14 specified regions; and (2) particular monthly consumer price indices for such regions for computation of cost-of-living increases for Social Security and Medicare (title XVIII of the Social Security Act) benefits.
Outer Continental Shelf Deep Water Royalty Relief Act - Amends the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to reduce or suspend any royalty or net profit share set forth in a lease in order to promote development and new production and to encourage production of marginal or uneconomic resources. 
Declares that with respect to leases in certain Planning Areas of the Gulf of Mexico, and certain leases in the Alaska frontier, royalty payment shall not be due on new production until the capital costs directly related to production have been recovered out of new production proceeds.  Prescribes procedures under which the Secretary shall determine whether such relief from royalty payments shall apply. 
Prohibits the Secretary from implementing a tract nomination system for oil and gas leasing in the Central and Western Planning Areas of the Gulf of Mexico.  Requires the Secretary to use the existing area-wide leasing system instead. 
Directs the Secretary to review and report to certain congressional committees on Federal regulations which create disincentives to oil and gas production on Federal lands.
Railroad Antitrust Enforcement Act of 2009 - Amends the Clayton Act to grant the United States exclusive authority to bring suit for injunctive relief against a common carrier that is not a rail common carrier subject to the jurisdiction of the Surface Transportation Board (STB).

Revises provisions prohibiting anticompetitive transactions except for those approved by specified federal agencies acting under certain statutes to eliminate the exemption for certain STB approved transactions.

Provides that, in any civil action against a rail common carrier, the U.S. district court shall not be required to defer to the primary jurisdiction of the STB.

Empowers the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to regulate, and engage in antitrust enforcement regarding, collective rate agreements and certain transactions, including railroad mergers and acquisitions.

Permits treble damages against railroad common carriers in antitrust suits to parties injured by antitrust violations without regard to whether such railroads have filed rates or whether a complaint challenging rates has been filed.

Amends federal transportation law to terminate the exemptions from antitrust laws for collective ratemaking agreements.

Requires the STB, when reviewing a proposed agreement, to take into account its impact upon shippers, consumers, and affected communities.

Revises STB authority to provide that a rail carrier, corporation, or a person participating in an approved transaction is not exempt from specified antitrust laws. Makes such provision inapplicable to any transaction relating to the pooling of railroad cars approved by the STB or its predecessor agency.
This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the Senate on February 15, 2006. The summary of that version is repeated here.

Stop Counterfeiting in Manufactured Goods Act - Amends the federal criminal code to revise provisions prohibiting the trafficking in counterfeit goods and services to include trafficking in labels or similar packaging of any type or nature, with knowledge that a counterfeit mark has been applied to such labels or packaging, the use of which is likely to cause confusion, to cause mistake, or to deceive.

Subjects to forfeiture any article that bears or consists of a counterfeit mark and any property used to violate the prohibition against counterfeit marks. Directs a court: (1) at the conclusion of forfeiture proceedings, to order the destruction of any article that bears or consists of a counterfeit mark; and (2) to order any person convicted of using a counterfeit mark to forfeit to the United States property used in commission of the crime and to pay restitution to the owner of the mark and any other affected victim.

Modifies the definition of "counterfeit mark" to include a spurious mark that is applied to or consists of a label or packaging of any type or nature that is designed, marketed, or otherwise intended to be used on or in connection with the goods and services for which the mark is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, that is substantially indistinguishable from such registered mark, and that is likely to cause confusion, to cause mistake, or to deceive.

Provides that nothing in this Act shall entitle the United States to bring a criminal prosecution for the repackaging of genuine goods or services not intended to deceive or confuse.

Directs the U.S. Sentencing Commission to: (1) review and amend federal sentencing guidelines and policy statements applicable to persons convicted of trafficking in counterfeit labels or goods and services; and (2) make findings with respect to the definition of "infringement amount."

Protecting American Goods and Services Act of 2005 (sic) - Amends the federal criminal code to modify the definition of "traffic" for purposes of the prohibition against trafficking in counterfeit goods or services to include the motive of commercial advantage or private financial gain in such activity. Applies such definition to related provisions pertaining to: (1) trafficking in sound recordings and music videos of live musical performances; (2) trafficking in counterfeit labels for phonorecords and computer programs; and (3) unauthorized fixation and trafficking in sound recordings and music videos.
Electronic Message Preservation Act - Requires the Archivist of the United States to promulgate regulations governing federal agency preservation of electronic messages that are federal records and to periodically review and amend, as necessary, such regulations. Requires such regulations to: (1) require the electronic capture, management, and preservation of such electronic records in accordance with the Federal Records Act; (2) require such records to be retrievable through electronic searches; (3) establish mandatory minimum functional requirements for electronic records management systems and a process to certify federal agency compliance with such requirements; (4) include timelines for federal agency compliance; and (5) include requirements for the capture, management, and preservation of other electronic records.

Requires the head of each federal agency to report to the Archivist on the agency's compliance with the Archivist's regulations. Requires the Archivist to report to the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs on federal agency compliance.

Requires the Archivist to: (1) establish standards for the management of presidential records during a President's term of office, including records management controls necessary for the capture, management, and preservation of electronic messages and for ensuring that electronic messages are readily accessible for retrieval through electronic searches; (2) certify annually whether records management controls established by a President meet the requirements of the Presidential Records Act; and (3) report annually to the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs on the status of such certification.

Requires the Archivist to report to Congress one year after the conclusion of a President's term of office on: (1) the volume and format of presidential records deposited into the archival depository; and (2) whether records management controls of a President meet the requirements of this Act and the Presidential Records Act.

Requires the Archivist to prescribe internal procedures to prevent the unauthorized removal of classified records from the National Archives and Records Administration or the destruction or damage of such records.

Prohibits the Archivist from providing access to original presidential records to individuals who have been convicted of a crime relating to the review, retention, removal, or destruction of records of the National Archives.
Railroad Antitrust Enforcement Act of 2006 - Amends the Clayton Act to grant the United States exclusive authority to bring suit for injunctive relief against a common carrier that is not a rail common carrier subject to the jurisdiction the Surface Transportation Board (STB).

Revises the declaration that prohibitions against mergers and acquisitions that tend to create monopolies shall not apply to certain transactions duly consummated pursuant to specified federal authority. Excepts specified rate agreements between two or more rail carriers (collective rate agreements) and certain transactions, including railroad mergers and acquisitions, from specified antitrust exemptions.

Provides that, in any civil action against a rail common carrier, the U.S. district court shall not be required to defer to the primary jurisdiction of the STB.

Empowers the Federal Trade Commission to regulate, and engage in antitrust enforcement regarding, collective rate agreements and certain transactions, including railroad mergers and acquisitions.

Applies to rail common carriers subject to STB jurisdiction requirements governing the amount of recovery or prejudgment interest (treble damages) by injured persons, without regard to whether: (1) such railroads have filed rates; or (2) a complaint has been filed that challenges a rate.

Amends federal transportation law to terminate the exemptions from antitrust laws for collective ratemaking agreements.

Requires the STB, and other reviewing agencies, when reviewing a proposed agreement, to take into account its impact upon shippers, consumers, and affected communities.

Revises STB authority to provide that a rail carrier, corporation, or a person participating in an approved transaction is not exempt from specified antitrust laws.
Terrorism Insurance Backstop Extension Act of 2005 - Amends the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 to define: (1) the term "Program Year 4" as the period from January 1, 2006, through December 31, 2006; and (2) the term "Program Year 5" as the period from January 1, 2007, from December 31, 2007 (thereby extending the terrorism risk insurance program from 2005 through 2007).

Sets a deadline for the Secretary of the Treasury to make a final determination regarding: (1) the availability of group life insurance to both insurers and consumers; and (2) whether certain provisions of the Act shall be applied to providers of group life insurance.

Sunsets the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program after December 31, 2007.

Details the treatment of insured losses and the insurer deductible for the Final Program Year (January 1, 2008, through December 31, 2008).
Medicare Identity Theft Prevention Act of 2010 - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish cost-effective procedures to ensure that: (1) a Social Security account number (or any derivative) is not displayed, coded, or embedded on the Medicare card issued to an individual entitled to benefits under part A (Hospital Insurance) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act or enrolled under Medicare part B (Supplementary Medical Insurance); and (2) any other identifier displayed on such card is easily identifiable as not being the Social Security account number (or a derivative).
Urban and Rural Disease Prevention and Health Promotion Act of 2005 - Authorizes the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to make matching grants and loans to state and local government agencies and community development public authorities for the development of indoor centers for disease prevention and health promotion that are: (1) used principally as indoor recreational facilities; (2) owned or controlled by the entity receiving the grant; (3) available for use by residents of the jurisdiction free of charge or at a fee necessary to provide for the operation and maintenance of the facility; and (4) subject to legally binding and enforceable commitments as to the availability of the facility for 25 years.
Detection Canine Augmentation Act of 2005 - Directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to increase the number of trained detection canines at specified federal agencies.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) coordinate fully the Department of Homeland Security's canine training programs that support its counter-terrorism, counter-smuggling, transporation security, border security, and other missions; (2) ensure that the Department is maximizing its use of existing training facilities and resources to train canines throughout the year; and (3) consider ways to use detection canines trained by other federal agencies, non-profit organizations, universities, and private training facilities in order to increase the number of trained detection canines available to federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) make it a priority to increase the number of domestically bred canines used to assist in the Department's counter-terrorism mission; and (2) consult with other federal agencies that use canines and the Office of Management and Budget to encourage domestic breeding of canines, and consolidate canine procurement, where possible, across the federal government to reduce the cost of purchasing canines.
American Innovation $1 Coin Act (Sec. 2) This bill directs the Department of the Treasury, over a 14-year period beginning in 2019, to mint and issue "American Innovation" $1 coins commemorating innovation and innovators from each state, each U.S. territory, and the District of Columbia.  Such coins shall be issued in the order in which the states ratified the Constitution or were admitted into the Union. After all such coins are issued, coins shall be issued for the District of Columbia and the territories.  Treasury shall issue four coins per year until a coin has been issued for each jurisdiction.  Neither the bust of any person nor the portrait of any living person may be included in the design of the coins. The bill instructs Interior to continue to mint and issue $1 coins honoring Native Americans and their contributions. 
Baseline Reform Act of 2015  This bill amends the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to change the assumptions used in calculating the baseline for discretionary spending and to require budget estimates to be compared with the levels from the prior year.  The baseline is a projection of federal spending and receipts during the fiscal year under current law. This bill changes the assumptions used for the discretionary spending baseline to eliminate adjustments required under current law for inflation, expiring housing contracts, social insurance administrative expenses, pay adjustments, and changes to other personnel benefits. The bill prohibits adjustments for inflation or any other factor.  The President's budget must include: (1) comparisons of the proposed budgetary levels with the prior year's levels, (2) the sources of growth in direct spending under current law and as proposed in the budget, and (3) estimates of discretionary spending for current programs that assume compliance with discretionary spending limits under current law.  The congressional budget committees must use budgetary levels from the prior fiscal year as the basis for deliberations in developing the congressional budget resolution and include comparisons with the prior fiscal year in the report accompanying the resolution.  The Congressional Budget Office  must include additional details in required reports to Congress, including comparisons to the prior year and the sources of growth in spending.
Federal Employees Paid Parental Leave Act of 2008 - Allows federal employees to substitute any available paid leave for any leave without pay available for either the: (1) birth of a child; or (2) placement of a child with the employee for either adoption or foster care. Makes available for any of the 12 weeks of leave an employee is entitled to for such purposes: (1) eight administrative weeks of paid parental leave in connection with the birth or placement involved; and (2) any accumulated annual or sick leave.

Amends the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to allow the same substitution for covered congressional employees.

Amends the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 to allow the same substitution for Government Accountability Office (GAO) and Library of Congress employees.

Requires GAO to study and report on the feasibility and desirability of providing an insurance benefit to federal employees which affords partial or total wage replacement with respect to periods of qualified leave. Defines "qualified leave" as leave that: (1) is available by reason of the need to care for the spouse, child, or parent of the employee having a serious health condition or by reason of a serious health condition affecting the employee that renders such employee unable to perform the functions of his or her position; and (2) would otherwise be leave without pay.
Clatsop-Nehalem Restoration Act This bill extends federal recognition to the Clatsop-Nehalem Confederated Tribes of Oregon. Rights and privileges of the tribe and its members under any federal treaty, executive order, agreement, statute, or other federal authority that may have been diminished or lost under the Act approved August 13, 1954 are restored. That Act no longer applies to the tribe and its members.  The tribe and its members are eligible to receive all federal services and benefits furnished to federally recognized Indian tribes, without regard to the existence of a reservation. Members of the tribe residing in Tillamook and Clatsop Counties in Oregon are deemed to be residing on or near a reservation.  No hunting, fishing, or trapping rights of the tribe or of any member are granted or restored. Lands in Tillamook County, Oregon may not be held in trust for the tribe. An Interim Council is established as the governing body of the tribe until the tribal governing body convenes. The Department of the Interior must hold an election to elect the members of the Interim Council. The membership roll of the tribe is established and opened. 
Devil's Staircase Wilderness Act of 2009 - Designates certain federal land in Oregon as the Devil's Staircase Wilderness and as a wilderness area for inclusion in the National Wilderness Preservation System.

Requires the Devil's Staircase Wilderness Area to be administered by the Secretaries of Agriculture and the Interior, subject to valid existing rights.

Requires the Secretary of Agriculture to decommission any National Forest System road within the wilderness boundaries and to convert Forest Service Road 4100 to a trail for primitive recreational use.

 Deems land acquired by the United States within the boundary of the Wilderness Area as part of the Devil's Staircase Wilderness.

Specifies this Act's effect on fish and wildlife, buffer zones, and tribal rights.

Withdraws the federal land designated as a wilderness area by this Act from all forms of: (1) entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; (2) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and (3) disposition under all laws pertaining to mineral and geothermal leasing or mineral materials.

Amends the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate Franklin and Wasson Creeks in Oregon as wild rivers and as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System.
Individual Tax Freedom Act of 2001 - Repeals the income, estate, gift, and certain excise tax provisions of the Internal Revenue Code.Amends the Internal Revenue Code to impose a 15 percent tax on the use, consumption or enjoyment in the U.S. of any property or service produced or rendered within or without of the United States. Prohibits, subject to exception, imposing a tax on any property or service purchased for: (1) a business purpose in an active trade or business; or (2) export from the United States for use or consumption outside of the Unites States, provided that the purchaser provided the seller with either an intermediate sales certificate or an export sales certificate. Sets forth provisions concerning credits and refunds.Allows for general credits against the tax, including: (1) a used property credit; (2) a business use conversion credit; (3) an administration credit; (4) a compliance equipment cost credit; (5) a bad debt credit; (6) an insurance proceeds credit; and (7) a transition inventory credit.Provides for installment payments of the tax on the purchase of a principal residence.Allows an eligible family unit to receive a sales tax rebate.Directs an administering State to administer, collect, and remit to the U.S. Treasury the tax on gross payments for the use, consumption or enjoyment of taxable property or services within the State.Prohibits the authorizing of any appropriations for the Internal Revenue Service after FY 2005. Establishes in the Treasury: (1) an Excise Tax Bureau to administer any excise taxes not repealed by this Act; and (2) a Sales Tax Bureau to administer the national sales tax.Authorizes the Social Security Administration to collect and administer self-employment income and employment taxes.Requires a supermajority in the House of Representatives or the Senate to raise rates.
Premier Certified Lenders Program Improvement Act of 2002 - Amends the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to make loss reserve requirements of lenders under the premier certified lenders (PCL) program inapplicable to PCLs that ensure that the amount of their loss reserve is: (1) not less than $25,000; and (2) sufficient, as determined by a third-party auditor, to protect the Government from the risk of loss associated with the PCL's portfolio of loans. Designates such PCLs as qualified high loss reserve PCLs. Provides related loss reserve requirements.
Protecting Sensitive Locations Act This bill amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that an immigration enforcement action by the Department of Homeland Security or an individual designated to perform immigration enforcement functions may not take place at a sensitive location, unless: (1) the action involves exigent circumstances, and (2) prior approval was obtained from the appropriate official.  A &quot;sensitive location&quot; includes all of the physical space located within 1,000 feet of:    medical treatment or health care facilities;   public and private schools;   scholastic or education-related activities;   school bus or school bus stops during periods when school children are present;   any organization that assists children, pregnant women, victims of crime or abuse, or individuals with significant mental or physical disabilities or that provides disaster or emergency social services;   places of worship;   funerals, weddings, or other public religious ceremonies;   public demonstrations;   federal, state, or local courthouses; or  any domestic violence shelter, rape crisis center, supervised visitation center, family justice center, or victim services provider.  The bill shall not apply to the transportation of an individual apprehended at or near a land or sea border to a hospital or health care provider for the purpose of providing such individual with medical care. If an enforcement action is carried out in violation of this bill: (1) no information resulting from the action may be entered into the record or received into evidence in a resulting removal proceeding, and (2) the affected alien may file a motion for such proceeding's immediate termination.  U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall provide training to officers and report to Congress on any enforcement activity occurring at sensitive locations.
Prohibiting Detention of Youth Status Offenders Act of 2014 - Amends the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, with respect to the detention of a juvenile status offender (a juvenile arrested for an offense that would not be a crime if committed by an adult) who violates a valid court order, to require the court placing such juvenile in detention to issue a written order that: (1) identifies the valid court order that has been violated; (2) specifies the factual basis for determining that there is reasonable cause to believe that the juvenile has violated such order; (3) includes findings of fact to support a determination that there is no appropriate less restrictive alternative available to placing the juvenile in a secure detention or correctional facility, with due consideration to the best interest of the juvenile; (4) specifies the length of time, not to exceed three days, that the juvenile may remain in such facility and includes a plan for the juvenile's release; and (5) may not be renewed or extended. Provides that a juvenile status offender may only be detained once in any six-month period. Eliminates, not later than one year after the enactment of this Act, the use of valid court orders to provide secure lockup of juvenile status offenders. 
Requires the mitigation of fish and wildlife losses during System construction and operation on an acre-for-acre basis, based on ecological equivalency, and concurrent with project construction.
Makes portions of the System constructed with assistance under this Act eligible to utilize power from the Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin Program for operation from May 1 to October 31 of each year.
Provides the Federal share (75 percent) of System planning, construction, and development costs.
Authorizes the Secretary, at the Corporation's request, to provide assistance in overseeing matters relating to System construction.
Authorizes appropriations.
Prohibits the Secretary of the Interior from issuing a lease, permit, or license for oil or gas exploration or extraction on specified portions of the Outer Continental Shelf on both the Atlantic and Pacific coasts, including Alaska.  Excludes from such proscription the Central and Western Gulf of Mexico planning areas of the Department of the Interior.
Nigeria Democracy Act - Imposes certain economic sanctions against Nigeria to promote democracy and human rights there. 
Directs the President to notify Nigeria immediately of his intention to suspend air transportation between the United States and such country.  Urges the President to seek multilateral support for an international embargo on the sale of arms to, and sale of crude oil or refined petroleum products from, Nigeria. 
Authorizes waiver of such sanctions if the President certifies to the Congress that:  (1) Nigeria has released all political prisoners and demonstrated a commitment to respecting internationally-recognized human rights and civilian, democratic government; or (2) such waiver is important to the national interest. 
Declares the sense of the Congress that the United States should impose additional measures against the Government of Nigeria if substantial progress has not been made within three months after enactment of this Act toward the establishment of civilian, democratic government and respect for internationally recognized human rights. Requires a progress report from the President to the Congress, including specified recommendations if progress has not been made.
American Veterans Disabled for Life Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue $1 silver coins in commemoration of disabled American veterans and emblematic of the design selected by the Disabled Veterans' LIFE Memorial Foundation for the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial.

Expresses the sense of Congress that, to the greatest extent possible, the coins should be struck at the U.S. Mint at West Point, New York.

 Limits the period for coin issuance to calendar year 2010.

Imposes a $10 surcharge per coin, to be distributed to the Disabled Veterans' LIFE Memorial Foundation for the purpose of establishing an endowment to support the construction of American Veterans' Disabled for Life Memorial in Washington, D.C.
Los Padres National Forest Land Exchange Act of 2005 - Authorizes an exchange of approximately 340 acres held by the United Water Conservation District of California (the District lands) and approximately 440 acres of National Forest System lands.

Requires the land exchange to be conducted on an equal value basis, as determined by appraisal.

Directs the Secretary to reserve easements in the conveyance of the National Forest System (NFS) lands for access to roads and trails that the Secretary considers to be necessary or desirable to provide for administrative purposes and to ensure public access to NFS lands. Requires the District, as a condition on the receipt of the NFS land, to agree to construct a gravel parking area upon the District lands to provide access to the Potholes trail of the Los Padres National Forest. Subjects the site design for the parking area to approval by the Secretary. Permits the District to reasonably regulate vehicular access to the parking area.

Revokes certain public lands withdrawals insofar as they affect the conveyed NFS lands.

 Exempts water rights from this land exchange.

Permits the the values of the lands to be exchanged to be equalized through the payment of a cash equalization payment in excess of the statutory limit specified under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976.

Requires the deposit of any cash equalization payment received by the Secretary under this Act into the fund established by the Sisk Act. Makes such payment available to the Secretary for expenditure for the acquisition, construction, or improvement of administrative or recreational facilities for the Los Padres National Forest in Ventura County, Santa Barbara County, and San Luis Obispo County, California, or for the acquisition of land or interests in land in such counties.

Requires the costs of conducting the land exchange to be shared equally by the District and the Secretary.

 Adds the District lands acquired by the Secretary under this Act to the Los Padres National Forest.
Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act  This bill amends the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to authorize the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to issue one-year permits allowing Washington, Oregon, Idaho, the Nez Perce Tribe, the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation, the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation, the Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission, and the Cowlitz Indian Tribe to kill sea lions in a portion of the Columbia River or certain tributaries in order to protect fish from sea lion predation. Permits may be issued to kill sea lions only if the sea lions are part of a population that is not depleted.  The permits may authorize the lethal taking of 100 sea lions or fewer. The cumulative annual taking of sea lions each year under all such permits is limited to 10% of the annual potential biological removal level.  Permit holders must be trained in natural resource management. These permits are exempted from environmental review requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 for five years. NOAA may suspend the issuance of the permits if, after five years, lethal removal authority is no longer necessary to protect fish from sea lion predation.
Grants a Federal charter to the Ukrainian American Veterans, Incorporated (a nonprofit corporation organized under the laws of the State of New York).
Rural Multifamily Rental Housing Loan Guarantee Demonstration Act - Amends the Housing Act of 1949 to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to guarantee eligible loans for the development costs of low or moderate income rural multifamily rental housing. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Commission on the Accountability and Review of Federal Agencies Act - Establishes the Commission on the Accountability and Review of Federal Agencies to: (1) evaluate executive agencies and their programs; and (2) submit to Congress a plan recommending agencies and programs that should be realigned or eliminated and proposing implementing legislation.

 Requires the Commission to recommend: (1) realignment where a function performed by two or more agencies or programs can be consolidated; (2) realignment or elimination of any agency or program that has wasted federal funds; and (3) elimination of any agency or program that has completed its purpose, become irrelevant, or failed to meet objectives.
Access to Frontline Health Care Act of 2011 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish and carry out a Frontline Providers Loan Repayment Program under which the Secretary agrees to make student loan repayments in exchange for a health professional providing frontline care services for two years in a frontline care scarcity area. Defines "frontline care services" as health care services in the fields of general surgery, optometry, ophthalmology, chiropractic, physical therapy, audiology, speech language pathology, pharmacies, public health, podiatric medicine, dietetics, occupational therapy, general pediatrics, respiratory therapy, medical technology, otolaryngology, or radiologic technology.
Children and Media Research Advancement Act or CAMRA Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Director of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development to establish an independent panel of experts to: (1) review, synthesize, and report on research, theory, and applications in the social, behavioral, and biological sciences regarding the roles and impact of the use of and exposure to electronic media on youth in certain core areas of child and adolescent development; and (2) establish research priorities regarding such issues.

Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct initial pilot projects to supplement and inform the panel's work. Requires the Director to develop and implement a program that funds additional research determined to be necessary by the panel concerning the role and impact of electronic media in the development of children and adolescents, with a particular focus on media content, format, length of exposure, age of the child or adolescent, and nature of parental involvement.
District of Columbia Building Heights Act of 1994 - Amends the District of Columbia Code to revise provisions with respect to street widths controlling building heights in the District to require that if the alignment (currently, course) of streets forming an intersection is not interrupted by a public space or reservation confronting a building, the limit of height of the building shall be determined from the width of the widest street, avenue, or highway.  Defines "street" to mean any road, avenue, drive, cart way, or other route open to the public as a regular right-of-way, but not an alley. 
Replaces provisions allowing the heights of spires, towers, domes, minarets, pinnacles, penthouses over elevator shafts, ventilation shafts, chimneys, smokestacks, and fire sprinkler tanks to exceed mandatory limitations with provisions allowing roof structures that are not constructed or used for human occupancy to be erected to a greater height than any mandatory limit for the District with the Mayor's approval, provided that:  (1) the roof structure must be fireproof; and (2) such structure (other than a spire, tower, dome, minaret, pinnacle, chimney, or smokestack) shall be set back from the exterior or bounding walls of the building upon which the structure is placed at distances (not less than) its height above the adjacent roof.  Authorizes the Mayor to waive the latter requirement if it would be unduly restrictive or impracticable and if such waiver would not materially interfere with the Act or adversely affect the exposure of adjacent buildings to light and air.  Provides that a skylight shall not be considered a roof structure if it is less than five feet in height. 
Increases the fine for violation of:  (1) the Act to not more than $10,000 per day (currently, not less than ten dollars nor more than $100 per day); and (2) a court injunction resulting from such violation to not more than $100,000 (currently, not less than $100 nor more than $500). 
Requires the approval of the National Capital Planning Commission (NCPC) and the Mayor before a roof structure of any building in the District can exceed building height limitations. Allows the NCPC or any of its members to request a determination of whether any building proposed to be constructed in the District meets mandatory requirements. 
Provides that the NCPC and each of its members shall have standing to enforce any limitation on the heights of buildings and structures in the District.
Private Security Officer Quality Assurance Act of 1996 - Authorizes an association of employers of private security officers (officers) to submit fingerprints or other methods of positive identification to the Attorney General for background checks of such officers.  Allows the Attorney General to:  (1)  exchange identification and criminal history records with State governmental agencies for licensing and employment purposes; and (2) prescribe regulations to carry out this Act, including measures relating to the imposition of fees necessary for the recovery of costs. Expresses the sense of the Congress that States should participate in the background check system established under this Act.
National Park Centennial Act of 2004 - Establishes the National Park Centennial Fund (Fund) in the Treasury.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow individual taxpayers to designate overpayments and contributions for the benefit of the National Park System. Allocates such amounts to the Fund (along with necessary amounts from the General Fund to the extent that such amounts are inadequate in any fiscal year) for expenditure by the Secretary of the Interior.

Creates within the Fund the National Park Backlog Elimination Fund, the Natural Resource Challenge Fund, and the Cultural Resource Challenge Fund.

Authorizes appropriations for a public awareness campaign about the Fund and the ability of taxpayers to make tax-related contributions.

Requires a specified percentage of Fund deposits to be used: (1) for the elimination of the backlog of unmet needs in the national parks as identified in the Facility Condition Index of the National Park Service (NPS); (2) to protect natural resources within the parks; and (3) to protect cultural resources within the parks. Requires a majority of such percentages to be distributed to those national parks that have completed comprehensive business plans under the Business Plan Initiative of the NPS.

Directs the Government Accountability Office annually to submit a report on the National Park System to specified congressional committees.

Authorizes the Secretary of Education to provide grants to elementary and secondary schools for cooperative agreements with the NPS providing distance learning and onsite education programs.
Sierra National Forest Land Exchange Act of 2006 - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to convey specified federal land in Mt. Diablo Meridian, California, in exchange for certain non-federal land in Mt. Diablo Meridian and a payment of $50,000, if the owner of such land offers to make such exchange during the year following enactment of this Act.

Requires that the recipient of the federal land convey all 160 acres of such land to the Sequoia Council of the Boy Scouts of America within 120 days after the date on which the recipient receives title to that land.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) manage the non-federal land received in accordance with the Weeks Act and any other laws, including regulations, applicable to the National Forest System; and (2) deposit the cash payment received into the fund established by the Sisk Act, to be expended for the acquisition of lands and interests in lands for the National Forest System in California.

 Requires that the owner of the non-federal land pay to the Secretary all direct costs associated with processing the land exchange. Requires any such amounts received by the Secretary to be deposited in a cost collection account to be expended for the costs associated with the land exchange. Provides for the refund of any amounts remaining in such account after completion of the land exchange that are not needed to cover the expenses of such exchange.

Considers the boundaries of the Sierra National Forest to be its boundaries as of January 1, 1965.

 States that, in accordance with a specified agreement entered into by the Forest Service, the Council, and the owner of the hydroelectric Project No. 67 and executed on April 17, 2006: (1) the Secretary shall grant an easement to the owner of Project No. 67; and (2) the Council shall grant a right of first refusal to that owner.

Requires the Council to provide to the owner of the project, under such terms and conditions as are agreed to by the Council and such owner, a right of first refusal to obtain the federal land, or a portion of such land, that the Council proposes to sell, transfer, or otherwise convey.

Instructs the Secretary, in exercising any discretion necessary to carry out this Act, to ensure that the public interest is well served.

Amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to decrease the amount provided for carrying out the Biomass Commercial Use Grant Program and the Improved Biomass Use Grant Program for FY2007-FY2016.
Faster FOIA Act of 2010 - Establishes the Commission on Freedom of Information Act Processing Delays to conduct a study to: (1) identify methods that will help reduce delays in processing Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests submitted to federal agencies; (2) ensure the efficient and equitable administration of FOIA throughout the federal government; (3) examine whether the system for charging fees for such requests and granting waivers of such fees needs to be reformed; (4) determine why the government's use of FOIA exemptions increased during FY2009, whether the increase contributed to delays, what efforts were made by federal agencies to comply with President Obama's January 21, 2009 Presidential Memorandum on Freedom of Information Act Requests, and whether those efforts were successful; and (5) make recommendations on how the use of exemptions may be limited.

Directs the Commission to report to Congress and the President on the results of the study not later than one year after enactment of this Act.
Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2016 This bill amends the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act to:   reauthorize through FY2021 the Sex Offender Management Assistance program,  reauthorize through FY2021 the activities of the U.S. Marshals Service to locate and apprehend sex offenders who violate sex offender registration requirements,  reduce from 25 years to 15 years the required registration period for certain juvenile delinquent sex offenders who maintain a clean record,  allow a state, Indian tribe, or territory to exempt from disclosure on a public website information about juvenile delinquent sex offenders,  specify how to calculate the allocation of Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant (JAG) program funds for local governments after a state's JAG funds are reduced for failure to comply with sex offender registration and notification standards, and  establish an alternative method for complying with the in-person verification requirement.   It amends the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 to require the Department of Justice to include additional data in its annual report on the enforcement of sex offender registration requirements. The bill amends the federal criminal code to:   modify the duties of probation and pretrial services officers to include, when directed by a court, supervision of a sex offender conditionally released from civil commitment subject to court-ordered compliance with a prescribed regimen of medical, psychiatric, or psychological treatment; and  extend the statute of limitations for a minor victim of a federal sex offense to file a civil action to 10 years (currently 3 years) from the date such individual reaches age 18.  
National Commemorative Events Advisory Act - Establishes the President's Advisory Commission on National Commemorative Events to: (1) establish criteria for recommending to the President that a proposed commemorative event be approved or disapproved; (2) review proposals for national commemorative events submitted in accordance with procedures published by the Commission; and (3) issue recommendations to the President concerning each proposal reviewed.
Pennsylvania National Forest Improvement Act of 2004 - (Sec. 2) Authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to sell or exchange certain National Forest System lands and administrative sites in the Allegheny National Forest, Pennsylvania, and to accept a cash equalization payment in excess of 25 percent of the value of the land exchanged.

(Sec. 3) Authorizes the Secretary to convey to the Warren County, Pennsylvania Development Association, U.S. Tract 770, Sheffield Ranger District Headquarters for a lump sum payment of $100,000.

(Sec. 4) Authorizes the Secretary to convey to Ridgeway Township, Pennsylvania, U.S. Tract 904, Ridgeway Ranger District Headquarters, as depicted on specified Allegheny Unit maps.

(Sec. 5) Authorizes the Secretary to convey, without consideration, to the Marienville Volunteer Fire Department of Forest County, Pennsylvania, U.S. Tract 844, Marienville Ranger Residence.

(Sec. 6) Requires the Secretary to deposit in a Sisk Fund amounts received from the sale or exchange of land under this Act and to use such funds for administrative facilities and sites for the Allegheny National Forest or the acquisition of land in the Allegheny National Forest.
Veteran Education Empowerment Act - Directs the Secretary of Education to award four-year grants to institutions of higher education (IHEs) to establish, maintain, and improve a veteran student center. Requires grantees to be IHEs that:  have a population of at least 15,000 students, of which at least 1% are veterans or members of the Armed Forces; are located in a region or community that has a significant veteran population; carry out programs or activities that assist veterans in the local community; and present a sustainability plan demonstrating that their veteran student center will be maintained and will continue to operate after the grant ends.  Defines a &quot;veteran student center&quot; as a dedicated space on a campus that provides students who are veterans or members of the Armed Forces with: (1) a lounge or meeting space for such students and veterans in the community, and (2) a centralized office for veteran services that is staffed by trained employees and volunteers.  Requires that office to provide such students with assistance in:   transitioning from the military to student life, transitioning from the military to the civilian workforce,  networking with other students,  understanding and obtaining the federal and state benefits for which they may be eligible, and  understanding how to succeed in the IHE. 
Federal Price Gouging Prevention Act - Makes it unlawful for any person, during a proclaimed international crisis affecting the oil market, to sell gasoline or any other petroleum distillate at a price that: (1) is unconscionably excessive; and (2) indicates the seller is taking unfair advantage of the circumstances of the crisis to increase prices unreasonably.

Authorizes the President to issue such a proclamation citing the geographic area, gasoline or other petroleum distillate, and time period (not to exceed 30 consecutive days) covered. Permits such a proclamation to be renewed as the President determines appropriate and to include a period of up to one week preceding a reasonably foreseeable emergency.

Sets forth factors to be considered in determining if a violation of this Act has occurred. Requires the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to enforce a violation of this Act as an unfair or deceptive act or practice and to give priority to enforcement actions concerning companies with U.S. sales over $10 billion per year.Prescribes civil and criminal penalties for violations, but limits the criminal penalty to criminal actions brought by the Department of Justice (DOJ).

Authorizes a state to bring a civil action to enforce this Act.

Declares that nothing in this Act preempts any state law.
Federal Advisory Committee Act Amendments of 2008 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Federal Advisory Committee Act to require appointments to advisory committees to be made without regard to political affiliation or activity, unless otherwise required by federal statute. Directs each agency head to: (1) ensure that no individual who has a conflict of interest is appointed unless the need for the individual's services outweighs the potential impacts of the conflict; (2) require that each individual to be appointed inform the agency of any actual or potential conflict that exists before the appointment or that arises while the individual is serving; and (3) ensure that advisory committee reports are the result of the committee's judgment, independent from the agency.

Declares that: (1) this Act is not intended to preclude agency heads from requiring the recusal of individuals with conflicts from particular aspects of the committee's work; and (2) an individual representative's association with the entity whose views are being represented shall not itself be considered to be a conflict of interest.

Requires: (1) the public disclosure of any conflict of interest; (2) the Director of the Office of Government Ethics to promulgate regulations defining "conflict of interest" and identifying the method for disclosure and the period back in time an interest is considered a conflict; and (3) the Administrator of General Services to promulgate regulations to implement the Federal Advisory Committee Act.

(Sec. 3) Regards an individual who is not a full-time or permanent part-time officer or employee of the federal government as a member of a committee if the individual regularly attends and participates in committee meetings as if the individual were a member, even if the individual does not have the right to vote or veto the committee's advice or recommendations.

(Sec. 4) Requires public disclosure of: (1) any communication between an interagency advisory committee established by the President or the Vice President and a person who is not a federal officer or employee; (2) charters of advisory committees; (3) the process used to establish and appoint committee members; (4) specified information about current members; (5) each committee's decision-making process; (6) transcripts or recordings of committee meetings; (7) determinations to close meetings; and (8) notices of future committee meetings. Requires agency heads to make such information available electronically 15 days before each meeting (or 30 days after for meeting transcripts or recordings). Authorizes an agency to withhold from disclosure any information that would be exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act. Requires the Administrator of General Services to provide electronic access to such information on the General Services Administration's (GSA's) Internet site.

Requires committee charters to include: (1) the authority under which the committee is established; (2) the estimated number of members and a description of the expertise needed to carry out the committee's objectives; (3) a description of whether the committee will be composed of special government employees, representatives, or members from both categories; and (4) whether the committee has the authority to create subcommittees and, if so, the agency official authorized to exercise such authority.

(Sec. 5) Requires the Comptroller General to review and report on agency compliance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act, including whether agencies are appropriately appointing advisory committee members as either special government employees or representatives.
Family Opportunity Act of 2004 or Dylan Lee James Act - Amends title XIX (Medicaid) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to: (1) give States the option of allowing families of disabled children to purchase Medicaid coverage for them; and (2) add to the list of persons eligible for Medicaid home and community-based service waiver programs individuals under 21 years of age requiring inpatient psychiatric hospital services.

Amends SSA title V (Maternal and Child Health Services) to: (1) make appropriations to the Secretary of Health and Human Services for FY 2005 through 2007; and (2) authorize appropriations to the Secretary for FY 2008 and 2009 for special projects of regional and national significance for development and support of family-to-family health information centers.

Amends SSA title XIX to confer Medicaid eligibility to persons who are under age 21 and who are eligible for SSI, effective on the later of: (1) the date the application was filed; or (2) the date the individual became eligible for SSI.
Patient Navigator Outreach and Chronic Disease Prevention Act of 2004 - Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), to make grants to eligible entities for the development and operation of demonstration programs to provide patient navigator services to improve health care outcomes. Requires the Secretary to coordinate with, and ensure the participation of, the Indian Health Service, the National Cancer Institute, and the Office of Rural Health Policy.

Requires that each grantee agree to recruit, assign, train and employ patient navigators who have direct knowledge of the communities they serve to facilitate the care of individuals.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) direct that each application for a grant outline how the eligible entity will establish baseline measures and benchmarks that meet the Secretary's requirements to evaluate program outcomes; (2) establish uniform baseline measures in order to properly evaluate the impact of the demonstration projects; (3) give preference to those entities that demonstrate plans to utilize patient navigator services to overcome significant barriers to improve health care outcomes within their respective communities; and (4) ensure coordination of the grant programs under this Act with existing authorized programs to facilitate access to high-quality health care services.

Sets forth reporting requirements.

Authorizes appropriations.
Native American Energy Act  (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Energy Policy Act of 1992 to allow the Department of the Interior, an affected Indian tribe, or a certified third-party appraiser under contract with the Indian tribe to appraise Indian land or trust assets involved in a transaction requiring Interior approval. (Currently, Interior sets appraisal requirements.) Interior must approve or disapprove an appraisal within 60 days or the appraisal is deemed approved.  A tribe may waive the requirement for an appraisal if it also waives any claims for damages it might have against the United States as a result of the lack of an appraisal. (Sec. 3) Each agency within Interior involved in the review of oil and gas activities on Indian lands must use a uniform system of reference numbers and tracking systems for oil and gas wells.  (Sec. 4) This bill amends the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 to make the environmental impact statement for major federal action on Indian lands available for review and comment only to the affected tribe, individuals residing within the affected area, and state and local governments within such area.  (Sec. 5) This bill sets forth provisions for the judicial review of a cause of action related to energy development on Indian land. (Sec. 6) This bill amends the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 to direct Interior, for land under Bureau of Land Management jurisdiction, and the Department of Agriculture, for land under Forest Service jurisdiction, to enter into agreements with Indian tribes to carry out demonstration projects that promote biomass energy production on Indian forest land and in nearby communities by providing tribes with reliable supplies of woody biomass from federal lands. (Sec. 7) Activity pursuant to a tribal resource management plan or an integrated resource management plan approved by Interior under the National Indian Forest Resources Management Act or the American Indian Agricultural Resource Management Act is considered to be a sustainable management practice. (Sec. 8) This bill amends the Long-Term Leasing Act to allow the Navajo Nation to enter into mineral resource leases on their restricted lands without Interior's approval. The maximum term of a Navajo Nation lease that does not require Interior's approval is extended for commercial and agricultural leases and established for mineral resource leases. (Sec. 9) Interior rules regarding hydraulic fracturing do not apply on land held in trust for Indians or on restricted Indian land, except with the express consent of the Indian beneficiaries. Hydraulic fracturing or fracking is a process to extract underground resources such as oil or gas from a geologic formation by injecting water, a propping agent (e.g., sand), and chemical additives into a well under enough pressure to fracture the geological formation.
True American Heroes Act of 2002 - Title I: Medals for Responders and Resisters - (Sec. 101) Authorizes the award (posthumously) of congressional gold medals to the government workers and others who responded to the attacks on the World Trade Center in New York City and the Pentagon in Virginia and perished in the tragic events of September 11, 2001, and to the people aboard United Airlines Flight 93 who helped resist the hijackers on board and caused the plane to crash.Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to strike duplicates in gold of the gold medals for permanent display in named departments and duty stations. Authorizes the Secretary to strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medals at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the bronze medals and the cost of the gold medals.Title II: Spirit of America Commemorative Coins - (Sec. 202) Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue $50 dollar gold coins, one-dollar silver coins, and half-dollar clad coins emblematic of the tragic events that occurred at the Pentagon, in New York City, and in Pennsylvania, on September 11, 2001.(Sec. 206) Requires the sale of such coins to include a surcharge to cover the cost of the gold coins minted under this Act for presentment to the next of kin of those who died in the September 11, 2001, attacks, and any proceeds from such surcharges in excess of the cost of producing all coins to be: (1) used to cover the costs incurred in the production of the gold medals that have not been recovered from the sale of duplicate bronze medals minted under this Act; and (2) with respect to any amount remaining after payment of such costs, transferred to any fund for the victims of such attacks.
New IDEA Act or New Illegal Deduction Elimination Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to deny a tax deduction for wages and benefits paid to or on behalf of an unauthorized alien. Extends to six yearsthe period for assessing and collecting underpayments of tax due to deductions claimed for wages paid to unauthorized aliens.

Directs the Commissioner of Social Security and the Secretaries of Homeland Security (DHS)and the Treasury to jointly establish a program to share information that may lead to the identification of unauthorized aliens. Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to provide taxpayer identity information to the Commissioner of Social Security and the DHS Secretary on employers who paid nondeductible wages to unauthorized aliens and on the aliens to whom such wages were paid.

Amends the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 to: (1) make permanent the E-Verify Program for verifying the employment eligibility of alien workers, (2) apply such program to current employees in addition to new hires, (3) establish a rebuttable presumption that employers who participate in the E-Verify Program and obtain confirmation of identity and employment eligibility have not violated hiring requirements under such Act, and (4) allow employers participating in the E-Verify Programto make a conditional offer of employment pending final verification of the identity and employment eligibility of the job applicant.
Stopping Improper Payments to Deceased People Act  This bill requires the Social Security Administration (SSA) to pay to states their reasonable costs for compiling and sharing records of deaths with the SSA. Under current law, the SSA is not required to pay the states but may choose to do so. The SSA may share the death data with federal and state agencies for various purposes. Such purposes include ensuring proper payments of benefits and tax administration duties. The Office of Management and Budget shall develop a plan to help federal and state agencies and Indian tribes use the death data. 
Fairness for Adopting Families Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to permit an individual income tax deduction for qualified adoption expenses.  Makes deductible reasonable and necessary expenses that are directly related to a legal adoption of any child if the adoption has been arranged by a State, local, or other nonprofit agency or through a private placement. 
Excludes from an employee's gross income any amounts paid on behalf of the employee by an employer pursuant to a qualified adoption assistance program. 
Limits both the deduction and the exclusion to $5,000 ($7,000 in the case of an international adoption).  Reduces the amount when the taxpayer's income exceeds $60,000. 
Permits an employer to treat an adoption assistance program as a statutory employee benefit plan, thus making the employer's contributions to such a program tax deductible as business expenses.
Amends the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to prohibit federal funds from being to used to cover any part of the costs of any health plan that includes coverage of abortion services. (Currently, federal funds cannot be used for abortion services and plans receiving federal funds must keep federal funds segregated from any funds for abortion services.)

Requires any qualified health benefit plan offered through an Exchange that includes coverage for abortions to also offer a qualified health benefit plan through the Exchange that is identical in every respect except that it does not cover abortions.
.  Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation Equitable Compensation Act (Sec. 5) This bill establishes the Spokane Tribe of Indians Recovery Trust Fund to compensate the Spokane Business Council for the use of tribal lands for the generation of hydropower from the Grand Coulee Dam. The council must prepare a plan for the use of those payments to promote any combination of: (1) economic development; (2) infrastructure development; or (3) educational, health, recreational, and social welfare objectives of the tribe and its members. (Sec. 6) The Bonneville Power Administration must make specified settlement payments to the tribe.  (Sec. 7) Payments made to the council or tribe may be used or invested by the council in the same manner as other tribal governmental funds. Amounts paid to the council are subject to an annual tribal government audit. (Sec. 8) The Bonneville Power Administration is credited a specified amount on interest payments otherwise payable to the Department of the Treasury. (Sec. 9) Deposit of amounts in the fund extinguishes all monetary claims that the tribe may have against the United States to a fair share of the annual hydropower revenues generated by the Grand Coulee Dam.
Southwest Bridge Research Center Establishment Act of 2005 - Amends Federal transportation law to direct the Secretary of Transportation to provide grants to New Mexico State University, in collaboration with the Oklahoma Transportation Center, to establish the Southwest Bridge Research Center to contribute at a national level to a systems approach to improving the overall performance of bridges.
Saddleback Mountain-Arizona Settlement Act of 1995 - Approves and ratifies the Settlement Agreement providing for the transfer of certain lands by the Resolution Trust Corporation to the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community (to be held in trust by the Department of the Interior) and the City of Scottsdale, Arizona.  Directs the Corporation to make such land transfer. 
Declares that the United States shall not be liable for any preexisting conditions on the land to be held (by the United States) in trust for the Community. 
Sets forth land use limitations (public use and development property).
Protecting American Jobs Act       This bill amends the National Labor Relations Act, with respect to the authority of the National Labor Relations Board, to:   repeal the authority of the General Counsel ofthe board, to issue, and prosecute before the board, complaints of unfair labor practices;  limit the board's rulemaking authority to rules concerning the internal functions of the board;  prohibit the board from promulgating regulations affecting the substantive or procedural rights of any person, employer, employee, or labor organization, including rules concerning unfair labor practices and representation elections;  repeal the board's authority to prevent persons from engaging in unfair labor practices, limiting such authority to the investigation of allegations of such practices; and  repeal the board's authority to petition courts for enforcement of its orders, seek injunctions, or hold hearings on jurisdictional strikes.  
Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2010 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005 to revise provisions related to the National Cord Blood Inventory (the Inventory), including to establish an inventory goal of at least 150,000 new units of cord blood to be made available under the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program (the Program). (Currently, the number of units of cord blood is capped at 150,000.)

Revises application requirements for cord blood banks participating in the Inventory to require such banks to: (1) make assurances that cord blood units will be available for direct transplantation until it is released for transplantation for a first degree relative; (2) participate in the Program for a period of at least ten years, beginning on the last date on which the recipient receives federal funds under a contract; (3) provide a plan to increase cord blood unit collections at collection sites that exist at the time of application, assist with the establishment of new collection sites, or contract with new collection sites; and (4) annually provide to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) a plan for, and demonstrate, ongoing measurable progress toward achieving self-sufficiency of cord blood unit collection and banking operations.

Revises the requirements for a contract extension to make a qualified cord blood bank eligible for a five-year extension if the bank demonstrates a superior ability to satisfy the requirements of the contract and achieve the overall goals for which the contract was awarded.

Redefines the term "first-degree relative" to exclude a parent.

Authorizes appropriations for FY2011-FY2015 for the Inventory.

Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Program to support and expand studies and demonstration and outreach projects that focus on: (1) remote collection of cord blood units; and (2) novel approaches or incentives to encourage innovative technological advances that could be used to collect cord blood units. Defines "remote collection" to mean the collection of cord blood units at locations that do not have written contracts with cord blood banks for collection support.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) set an annual goal of increasing collections of high quality cord blood units; (2) identify at least one demonstration or outreach project to replicate and expand nationwide, as appropriate; and (3) submit a plan for meeting such goal to the relevant congressional committees if no such project can be identified.

Revises privacy requirements to protect the identity and privacy of patients and donors in accordance with federal and state law.

Requires the Secretary to submit an interim report to Congress within 180 days of enactment of this Act describing: (1) the methods to distribute federal funds to cord blood banks; (2) how cord blood banks contract with collection sites for the collection of cord blood units; and (3) recommendations for improving the methods to distribute federal funds to encourage the efficient collection of high-quality and diverse cord blood units. Directs the Advisory Council on Blood Stem Cell Transplantation to submit recommendations to the Secretary with respect to remote collection of cord blood units.

Authorizes appropriations for FY2011-FY2015 to carry out the Program.

Directs the Comptroller General to submit to the relevant congressional committees and the Secretary a report reviewing studies, demonstration programs, and outreach efforts for the purpose of increasing cord blood unit donation and collection for the Inventory to ensure a high-quality and genetically diverse inventory of cord blood units.
Dirty Bomb Prevention Act - Amends the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to establish a task force on protection of sealed sources (any byproduct material or special nuclear material, except fuel or spent fuel, encased in a capsule designed to prevent leakage or escape). Requires the task force to: (1) provide recommendations to ensure the security of sealed sources from potential terrorist threats, including acts of sabotage, theft, or use of such sources in a radiological dispersal device; and (2) report triennially to Congress and to the President on recommended regulatory and legislative changes for specified security enhancements pertaining to sealed sources.
Amends the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA) Recognizes the village of Alexander Creek located in Alaska as an eligible Native village.

Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to establish an Alexander Creek account, the funds of which shall be available to Alexander Creek, Incorporated for bidding on and purchasing property sold at public sale.

Directs the Secretary of the Interior (the Secretary) to enter into negotiations to attempt to conclude a land exchange to acquire the surface estate in lands not within any conservation system unit from the State of Alaska or the Mantanuska-Susitna Borough to enable Alexander Creek to select additional public lands within Alexander Creek's original withdrawal area in Alaska.

Requires the: (1) the account's initial balance to be the fair market value of the surface estate of certain deficiency selections made by Alexander Creek; and (2) subsurface estate to the lands conveyed to Alexander Creek to be conveyed to Cook Inlet Region, Incorporated.

Deems Alexander Creek, upon certification by the Secretary of the appraisal described in this Act, to have accepted the terms of this Act in lieu of any other land entitlement it could have received pursuant to ANCSA. Declares that such acceptance shall satisfy all claims of Alexander Creek against the United States.

Deems any land conveyed to Alexander Creek pursuant to this Act to be a conveyance pursuant to ANCSA.
Amends the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to limit contributions to House of Representatives (House) elections from persons other than local individual residents. 
Reduces maximum House contribution amounts from multicandidate political committees (PACs). 
Sets forth limitations and reporting requirements for amounts paid for mixed political activities ("soft money"). 
Amends the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1991 to reduce the House mail allowance formula. 
Amends Federal law to prohibit newsletter mailings under the congressional franking privilege. 
Lengthens the nonmailing period for mass mailings by House members. 
Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to require a broadcast station to make broadcast time available to all House and Senate candidates in the last 30 (currently 45) days before a primary and the last 45 (currently 60) days before a general election, at the lowest unit charge of the station for the same amount of time (currently, the same class and amount of time) for the same period on the same date. Prohibits broadcasters from preempting advertisements sold to political candidates at the lowest unit rate, unless the preemption is beyond the broadcaster's control. 
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to deny, with certain exceptions, a deduction for specified lobbying and political expenditures. Establishes membership and dues reporting requirements for related political organizations. 
Prohibits lobbyist-paid travel by House members, officers, or employees. 
Expresses the sense of the Congress with respect to:  (1) term limitations; and (2) the application of generally applicable laws to the Congress.
United States Financial Policy Committee For Fair Capital Standards Act - Establishes the United States Financial Policy Committee as an inter-agency committee composed of: (1) the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall serve as the Chairperson of the Committee; (2) the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; (3) the Comptroller of the Currency; (4) the Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; and (5) the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision.

Directs the Committee to develop uniform U.S. positions on proposals made to, and issues before, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision that, if implemented, may directly or indirectly affect United States financial institutions.

Requires the Committee to meet before any meeting of the Basel Committee that is related to, or is expected to involve, a discussion of capital standards.

Prohibits a member Federal banking agency from agreeing to any proposed recommendation of the Basel Committee before the agency reports on it to Congress.

Requires the Federal member banking agencies to employ prescribed criteria in their evaluation of the impact of any revised Basel capital accord.

Amends the International Lending Supervision Act of 1983 to add the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision as one of the four Federal bank regulatory and supervisory agencies on the Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices of the Group of Ten Countries and Switzerland.
Estate Tax Reduction Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to reduce estate taxes and increase the unified credit to $3 million, with an inflation adjustment.
Middle Class Tax Cut Act of 2011 - Amends the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 to extend through 2012 the reduction in employment taxes for employees and the self-employed. Increases such reduction from 2% to 3.1%

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to impose on individual taxpayers between 2012 and 2022 an additional tax equal to 1.9% of so much of their modified adjusted gross income in excess of $1 million. Provides for an inflation adjustment to the $1 million threshold amount for taxable years beginning after 2013. Defines "modified adjusted gross income" as adjusted gross income reduced by any deduction allowed for investment interest.

Imposes a 50% tax (55% for a taxable year beginning in 2011 or 2012) on any unemployment compensation received by a taxpayer with an adjusted gross income of at least $1 million. Denies a tax deduction for the payment of such tax.

Amends the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to render ineligible for the supplemental nutrition assistance program (SNAP), formerly food stamps, any household in which a member receives income or assets with a fair market value of at least $1 million.

Amends the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 to require until October 1, 2021, a phased increase in the fees charged to mortgage lenders by the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) to guarantee payment of new mortgage loans.
Campus Fire Safety Right-to-Know Act of 2003 - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require, beginning in academic year 2004-2005, each eligible institution participating in any program under the Act to provide to all current students and employees, and to any applicant for enrollment or employment upon request, an annual fire safety report containing specified information about the campus fire safety practices and standards of that institution.

Requires such institutions to: (1) record all fires reported to local fire departments, including the nature, date, time, and general location of each fire and all false fire alarms; and (2) open such information to public inspection. Requires the institutions to report on such information periodically to the campus community in a manner that will aid the prevention of similar occurrences.

Requires the institutions to request their fraternities and sororities to collect and report such information for each building and property they own or control.
Teachers and Parents at the Table Act This bill amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (ESEA) to establish: (1) a Volunteer Teacher Advisory Committee to monitor the effects of the ESEA in classrooms, and (2) a Volunteer Parents and Families Advisory Committee to monitor the effects of the ESEA on children and families and to review and analyze the implementation of various family engagement activities.
Sunshine in the Courtroom Act of 2007 - Authorizes the presiding judge of a U.S. appellate court or U.S. district court to permit the photographing, electronic recording, broadcasting, or televising to the public of court proceedings over which that judge presides except when such action would constitute a violation of the due process rights of any party.

Directs: (1) a district court, upon the request of any witness in a trial proceeding other than a party, to order the face and voice of the witness to be disguised or otherwise obscured to render the witness unrecognizable to the broadcast audience of the trial proceeding; and (2) the presiding judge in a trial proceeding to inform each witness who is not a party of the right to make such request.

Authorizes the Judicial Conference of the United States to promulgate advisory guidelines to which a presiding judge may refer in making decisions regarding the management and administration of photographing, recording, broadcasting, or televising described in this Act.
Stop AIDS in Prison Act of 2011 - Directs the Bureau of Prisons to develop a comprehensive policy to provide HIV testing, treatment, and prevention for inmates in federal prisons and upon reentry into the community. Requires such policy to include provisions for: (1) testing of inmates upon intake and counseling; (2) HIV/AIDS prevention education; (3) HIV testing of prisoners annually upon request or upon exposure to HIV; (4) HIV testing of pregnant inmates; (5) comprehensive medical treatment of inmates who test positive for HIV and confidential counseling on managing their medical condition and preventing its transmission to other persons; (6) protection of confidentiality; (7) testing, counseling, and referral prior to reentry into the community; (8) allowing inmates the right to refuse routine HIV testing; (9) excluding as "routine" the testing of an inmate who may have transmitted HIV to any U.S. officer or employee or to any person lawfully present but not incarcerated in a correctional facility; and (10) timely notification of test results.

Amends the federal criminal code to: (1) require HIV testing for all federal prison inmates upon intake regardless of length of sentence or risk factors, (2) allow inmates to decline testing prior to release from incarceration, and (3) make HIV testing part of the routine health screening conducted at intake.

Requires the Bureau to report on: (1) testing, treatment, and prevention education programs for hepatitis and other diseases transmitted through sexual activity and intravenous drug use; and (2) the incidence among prison inmates of diseases transmitted through sexual activity and intravenous drug use.
Small Business Lending and Credit Availability Act of 1993 - Amends the Small Business Act to direct the Small Business Administration (SBA) to participate in loans to small businesses located in States in which one or more insured depository institutions have been closed due to inability to meet depositor demands.  Directs the SBA to guarantee 90 percent of any such loan for amounts between $200,000 and $500,000, and 95 percent of any such loan for amounts less than $200,000. Prohibits the SBA from collecting a guarantee fee from the lending institution or the borrower for such loan participation during the first two years of such participation, with a one percent (of the loan) fee permitted for the third through fifth years. Authorizes lenders to retain one-half of any fee so collected in order to encourage lenders to provide loans to small businesses located in areas of failed depository institutions.  Limits the loan participation program to five years.
Provides for an automatic continuing appropriation for the U.S. Government whenever a regular appropriation bill or continuing resolution for a fiscal year does not become law prior to the beginning of such fiscal year.  Appropriates such sums as may be necessary to continue any project or activity for which funds were provided in the preceding fiscal year in the amount provided:  (1) in the corresponding regular appropriation Act or continuing resolution for such preceding fiscal year; or (2) if such corresponding appropriation bill or continuing resolution did not become law, then as provided by this Act. 
Sets forth the terms and conditions relating to such continuing appropriations.  Prohibits funding for any project or activity:  (1) for which there is no authorization of appropriations for such fiscal year; or (2) during a fiscal year if any other provision of law makes an appropriation, makes funds available, grants continuation authority, or specifically prohibits funding or authority for such project or activity.
Sound Science for Endangered Species Act Planning Act of 2001 - Amends the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to direct the Secretary of the Interior to: (1) give greater weight to scientific and commercial data that is empirical or that has been field-tested or peer-reviewed in determining that a species is an endangered or threatened species; and (2) promulgate regulations that establish criteria for data to be used as the basis of such a determination.Prohibits the Secretary from determining that a species is endangered or threatened unless the determination is supported by data obtained by observation of the species in the field. Requires the Secretary to accept, acknowledge receipt of, and include in the rulemaking record of such a determination data collected by landowners through observation of the species on the land.Requires the Secretary to publish with the notice of a proposed regulation a description of additional scientific and commercial data that would assist in the preparation of a recovery plan, invite any person to submit such data, and describe the steps for acquiring additional data.Directs the Secretary: (1) to solicit recommendations from the National Academy of Sciences and develop a list of qualified reviewers to participate in independent scientific review actions; (2) before any proposed action becomes final, to appoint from such list three individuals who shall report on the scientific information and analyses on which such action is based; and (3) to include such report in the official record of the proposed action.Requires the Secretary, in consulting with each Federal agency and the affected States to insure that any agency action is not likely to jeopardize any endangered or threatened species or destroy the species' habitat, to: (1) consider information provided by such States; and (2) provide any person who has sought authorization or funding from a Federal agency for an action the opportunity to submit, discuss, and receive information relevant to the draft biological opinion.
Amends part A (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families) (TANF) of title IV of the Social Security Act (SSA) to increase from 4.25 percent to ten percent the amount of TANF funds a State may transfer to carry out State programs under SSA title XX (Block Grants to States for Social Services) for FY 2002.Amends SSA title XX to: (1) increase the authorization of appropriations for States and territories for FY 2001, 2002, and succeeding fiscal years; and (2) require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to compile information on State activities carried out under SSA title XX and report it annually to Congress.
Presidential Succession Act of 2005 - Modifies the presidential succession list to include, following the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Ambassador to the United Nations, the Ambassador to Great Britain, the Ambassador to Russia, the Ambassador to China, and the Ambassador to France.

Revises the provision specifying how long an acting President shall serve to provide that an acting President shall continue to serve as such until the expiration of the then current Presidential term or until the disability of the President or Vice-President is removed.

Expresses the sense of Congress with respect to: (1) votes by electors after the death or incapacity of nominees; and (2) the continuity of government and the transition of executive power.
American Samoa Study Commission Act - Establishes the American Samoa Study Commission which shall:  (1) evaluate the history and nature of American Samoa's political relationship with the United States, and determine whether a single document is needed to express such relationship; and (2) evaluate such relationship's economic and social effects on American Samoa.  Authorizes appropriations. Terminates the Commission upon submission of a required report.
Stealth Lobbyist Disclosure Act of 2004 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to treat as a tax-exempt political organization for purposes of the disclosure and other requirements applicable to such organizations (with certain modifications) any coalition or association that is identified as a client on any registration filed under the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 and that is not a political organization.

Requires any such coalition or association to notify the Secretary of the Treasury of: (1) its existence within 72 hours after one of its lobbyists makes an initial contact; and (2) any change in membership within 72 hours. Requires such notice to include a general description of the business or activities of each member of the coalition or association and the amount reasonably expected to be contributed by each member toward coalition or association activities of influencing legislation. Imposes a penalty tax for failure to give required notices.

Exempts from the disclosure requirements imposed by this Act: (1) public charities and other tax-exempt organizations which have substantial exempt activities other than lobbying; and (2) members of a coalition or association who contribute less than $2,000 per year for lobbying activities.
Medication Therapy Management Empowerment Act of 2013 - Amends part D (Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to direct the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to report to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) and to Congress on whether or not the expansion of the definition of targeted beneficiary, with respect to medication therapy management, would, if implemented, reduce spending under Medicare. Requires the report to include a certification of any determination by the Chief Actuary that such expansion would reduce such spending. Specifies such an expansion as targeted beneficiaries with a single chronic disease that accounts for high Medicare spending, including diabetes, hypertension, heart failure, dyslipidemia, respiratory disease (such as asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or chronic lung disorders), bone disease-arthritis (such as osteoporosis or osteoarthritis), rheumatoid arthritis, and mental health (such as depression, schizophrenia, or bipolar disorder). (Currently a targeted beneficiary must have multiple chronic diseases.) Requires such an expansion to take place if the report contains the certification indicated.  
Small Business and Financial Institutions Tax Relief Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to make a trust-individual retirement account (IRA) an eligible bank S corporation shareholder.Exempts from prohibited transaction rules any sale of stock in an IRA pursuant to a small business corporation's election to be an S corporation.Excludes from the definition of passive income for purposes of S status termination any interest income earned by or dividends on assets required to be held by a bank, a bank holding company, or a qualified subchapter S subsidiary bank.Increases to 150 the maximum number of shareholders a small business organization may have to be eligible to elect S corporation treatment.States that stock held by a bank director as required by banking regulations (director qualifying stock) shall not be considered a disqualifying second class of S corporation stock.Permits a bank which makes an S corporation election to recapture certain bad debt reserves in the year of election or the preceding year.Limits any special rules regarding corporate income preference items to the three years following S corporation election.Treats a husband and wife as one shareholder. Permits, and sets forth criteria for, an election to treat all members of a family as one shareholder.Permits the issuance of qualified preferred stock, which shall not be treated as second class stock. Makes any distribution (not in payment in exchange for stock) made by an S corporation with respect to qualified preferred stock includible as ordinary income of the holder and deductible to the corporation as an expense.Revises exceptions to the criteria for the treatment of certain wholly owned subchapter S subsidiaries with reference to required information returns.Provides for a charitable contribution basis adjustment of S corporation stock based upon the shareholder's pro rata share of adjusted basis.
Capitol Police Retention, Recruitment, and Authorization Act of 2002 - Requires the Capitol Police Board to increase by five percent the annual rate of basic compensation for officers and members of the Capitol Police, except that for officers above the rank of captain the increase shall be made at a rate determined by the Board at its discretion (but not to exceed five percent).Authorizes the Board to compensate newly appointed officers, members, and employees at an annual rate exceeding the lowest rate of compensation otherwise applicable.Amends the Emergency Supplemental Act, 2002 to provide additional compensation for each Capitol Police officer assigned to another specialty assignment designated by the Chief of the Capitol Police. Removes the annual cap on such amount.Requires: (1) limits on the amount of premium pay which may be earned by officers and members during emergencies to be applied by the Board on an annual and not pay period basis; and (2) the Board to provide that if an officer or member completes three years of employment he or she shall receive eight hours of annual leave per pay period.Provides, with limitations, that: (1) neither the Federal Civil Service Retirement System nor the Federal Employees Retirement System shall apply to any reemployed annuitant performing service as an officer or member; and (2) such annuitant shall be exempted from the Systems by this Act shall not become subject to them.Requires the Board to establish a tuition reimbursement program to assist officers and members in higher education costs relating to law-enforcement. Authorizes the Board to: (1) pay a one-time bonus to each participant upon completion of the course of study involved and to each officer, member, or civilian employee who recruits a new officer or member; and (2) lease facilities and property for Police use.Limits the total number of full-time equivalent positions (including members and civilian employees) to 1,981.Increases, temporarily, the mandatory retirement age for a member from 57 to 59.Provides for a member's and/or officer's disposal of firearms and use of Capitol Police vehicles to transport police dogs.Expresses the sense of Congress that, to the greatest extent possible consistent with the mission of the Capitol Police, the Chief should seek to deploy the Police's human and other resources in a manner maximizing opportunities for individual officers: (1) to be trained for, and to acquire and maintain proficiency in, all aspects of the Police's responsibilities; and (2) to rotate regularly among different posts and duties, in order to utilize fully the skills and talents of officers, enhance the appeal of their work, and ensure the highest state of readiness.
Eightmile Wild and Scenic River Act - Amends the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate as a component of the national wild and scenic rivers system (the system) certain segments of the main stem and specified tributaries of the Eightmile River, Connecticut.

Declares that such segments shall be managed in accordance with the Eightmile River Watershed Management Plan and such amendments as the Secretary of the Interior determines are consistent with this Act.

Deems the Plan to satisfy the requirements for a comprehensive management plan required under the Act.

Instructs the Secretary to coordinate management responsibilities regarding the Eightmile River with the Eightmile Coordinating Committee, as specified in the Plan.

Allows the Secretary to enter into cooperative agreements for administration and for assistance, advice, and cooperation to plan, protect, and manage river resources with the state of Connecticut, the towns of Salem, Lyme, and East Haddam, and appropriate local planning and environmental organizations. Requires the agreements to be consistent with the Plan and allows provisions for federal assistance.

 Prohibits the Eightmile River from being administered as part of the National Park System or being subject to related regulations.

 Deems: (1) the zoning ordinances adopted by the towns, in effect as of December 8, 2005, to satisfy the standards and requirements under the Act regarding the prohibition on federal acquisition of lands by condemnation for inclusion in any wild, scenic, or recreational river area; and (2) such towns to be "villages" for such purposes. Limits the authority of the Secretary to acquire lands for purposes of the Act to acquisition by donation or acquisition with the owner's consent and subjects it to the additional criteria set forth in the Plan.

 Recognizes specified tributaries of the Eightmile River watershed as integral to the protection and enhancement of the river and watershed.

Authorizes appropriations.
Commercial Seafood Consumer Protection Act - Directs the Secretary of Commerce (Secretary) to establish a program to strengthen federal activities for ensuring that commercially distributed seafood meets federal food quality and safety requirements.

Directs the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to enter into an agreement to strengthen cooperation on seafood safety, including regarding testing, inspections of foreign facilities, technical assistance of foreign facilities, establishing a distribution chain tracking system, and labeling.

Directs the Secretary to increase the number of laboratories certified to Food and Drug Administration (FDA) standards.

Directs the Secretary to increase the number and capacity of laboratories operated by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) involved in testing and other activities under this Act, as provided for in appropriations Acts.

Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to refuse admission of all imports of seafood or seafood products originating from a country or exporter if that Secretary determines the shipments are not likely to meet federal requirements. Allows admittance of individual shipments from that country or exporter on evidence from an inspection or a certified laboratory.

Authorizes the Secretary to send inspectors to an originating country or exporter.
Limits such information's use to: (1) terrorist activity deportation; or (2) opposition to an alien's admission or relief from removal upon certification that such information could not be developed from open sources and that an agency declassification request has been made.
Provides: (1) for Federal district court review of classified material upon Attorney General or alien request; and (2) that the court will issue an order indicating any unclassified summary of such material that may be used in the immigration proceeding. Applies the provisions of the Classified Information Procedures Act to an immigration proceeding under district court review in the same manner as a criminal proceeding subject to such Act.
(Sec. 4) States that an alien in a removal proceeding shall have a reasonable opportunity to examine all evidence, present evidence, and question witnesses, subject to the classified information provisions of this Act. (Current law excludes national security information from disclosure.)
(Sec. 5) Amends the Act to entitle an alien, subject to the classified information provisions of this Act, who is subject to arrest and detention for removal or deportation to: (1) non-federally provided counsel; (2) examine all evidence, present evidence, and question witnesses; and (3) have a complete record of the proceeding kept.
(Sec. 6) Exempts an alien who is a lawful permanent resident, parolee, or asylee from the security and related removal provisions. (Such provisions provide for limited hearings and use of nondisclosed information.)
(Sec. 7) Provides for transitional application of information access provisions to alien detainees and aliens seeking immigration benefits.
(Sec.8) Requires the Attorney General to promulgate implementing regulations within 90 days of the effective date of this Act.
(Sec. 9) Makes the amendments of this Act effective upon enactment, and applicable to all aliens.
Health Workforce Advisory Commission Act of 2003 - Directs the Comptroller General to establish a Health Workforce Advisory Commission. Includes among the duties of the Commission: (1) reviewing the impact of Federal health workforce policies and other factors on the ability of the health care system to provide optimal services; (2) analyzing the role and global implications of internationally trained professionals and personnel in the United States workforce; and (3) making recommendations to Congress concerning health workforce policy issues. Specifies duties the Commission shall perform concerning reports and reviews.
65th Infantry Regiment Commemorative Coin Act - Instructs the Secretary of the Treasury issue one-dollar silver coins emblematic of all the Puerto Ricans in the 65th Infantry Regiment of the U.S. Army who fought in the Korean conflict. 
Mandates deposit of sales surcharges in the Korean War Veterans Memorial Fund for use by the American Battle Monuments Commission.
Amends the Safe and Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act to: (1) include bullying and harassment under the definition of violence; and (2) provide for programs to address and prevent bullying and harassment.
Dirty Bomb Prevention Act - Amends the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to establish a task force on sealed source protection (byproduct material or special nuclear material encased in a capsule designed to prevent leakage or escape of the material).Requires the task force to evaluate and make recommendations to ensure the security of sealed sources from potential terrorist threats, including acts of sabotage, theft, or use of such sources in a radiological dispersal device.Directs the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to arrange with the National Academy of Sciences for a study of industrial, research, and commercial uses for sealed sources.
Electric Charging Advancement Reform Act or the E-Car Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to replace the tax credit for qualified alternative fuel vehicle refueling property expenditures with a tax credit for 50% of the cost of any qualified electric vehicle recharging property that is: (1) installed on property used as the principal residence of the taxpayer, and (2) for the recharging of motor vehicles propelled by electricity. Terminates such credit after December 31, 2017.
Girl Scouts USA Centennial Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue up to 350,000 $1 coins in commemoration of the centennial of the Girl Scouts of the United States of America.

Requires the coin design to be emblematic of such centennial.

Requires such coins to be issued in uncirculated and proof qualities, from only one U.S. Mint facility.

Declares the sense of Congress that such facility should be the U.S. Mint at West Point, New York, to the greatest extent possible.

Authorizes the Secretary to issue such coins only during calendar 2011.

Applies a $10 per coin surcharge to all coin sales. Requires all surcharges received to be paid to the Girl Scouts of the United States of America for efforts involved in marking it centennial, which may include efforts to preserve the birthplace of founder Juliette Gordon Low.
Jean Lafitte National Historical Park and Preserve Boundary Adjustment Act of 2007 - Amends the National Parks and Recreation Act of 1978 to adjust the boundary of the the Barataria Preserve Unit of the Jean Lafitte National Historical Park and Preserve in Louisiana and to acquire land necessary for the adjustment by transfer or exchange from a federal agency or, from a land owner, by donation or purchase (but only with an owner's consent).

Subjects any acquired or transferred land in the area to any easements that have been agreed to by the Secretary and the Secretary of the Army in order to ensure adequate hurricane protection of the communities located in the area.

Revises provisions concerning hunting, fishing, and trapping.
Clean Water Infrastructure Financing Act of 1999 - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to provide that capitalization grants to States for the establishment of water pollution control revolving funds ( revolving funds) shall be for providing assistance to accomplish the purposes of such Act.  (Currently, such grants are provided for assistance for specific purposes.) 
Removes certain requirements for States with respect to construction of treatment works under capitalization grant agreements. 
Directs the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to assist states in establishing simplified procedures for small water systems to obtain assistance under the Act. 
Requires amounts available to revolving funds to be used only for providing assistance to activities which have as a principal benefit the improvement or protection of water quality of navigable waters. Adds activities to the list of those which may be assisted. 
Provides for a repayment period of the lesser of 40 years or the expected life of the project to be financed with loan proceeds with respect to loans made to disadvantaged communities from revolving funds.  Requires loans made from such funds to be fully amortized upon the expiration of the loan term (currently, no later than 20 years after project completion).  Requires such funds to provide: (1) loan guarantees for developing and implementing innovative technologies; and (2) technical, planning, and other specified assistance to small systems. 
Treats a treatment works as a publicly owned treatment works, for purposes of eligibility for construction assistance from a revolving fund, if the treatment works, without regard to ownership, would be considered a publicly owned treatment works and is principally treating municipal waste water or domestic sewage. 
Provides for negative interest rates of up to two percent to reduce the unpaid principal on loans from revolving funds made to disadvantaged communities. 
Reauthorizes appropriations for FY 2000 through 2004 for the revolving fund program.
Technology Transfer Commercialization Act of 1998 - Amends the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (Stevenson-Wydler Act) to revise requirements regarding enumerated authority under a cooperative research and development (R&D) agreement to permit Government laboratories to grant licenses to federally owned inventions for which a patent application was filed before the granting of the license, and directly within the scope of work under such agreement. 
(Sec. 3) Rewrites Federal restrictions on the licensing of federally owned inventions.  Requires a license applicant to make a commitment to achieve practical utilization of the invention within a reasonable time.  Requires such a license to include provisions:  (1) retaining a nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up license for the Federal agency to practice the invention or have the invention practiced throughout the world by or on behalf of the U.S. Government; (2) requiring periodic reporting on use of the invention by the licensee only to the extent necessary to enable the Federal agency to determine whether the licensee is complying with license terms; and (3) empowering the Federal agency to terminate the license if the licensee has been found by a competent authority to have violated the Federal antitrust laws in connection with its performance under the license agreement.  Prohibits an agency from granting an exclusive or partially exclusive license on a federally-owned invention unless:  (1) it has provided 15 days' public notice and considered all comments received; and (2) the person requesting the license has supplied to the agency a plan for development and-or marketing of the invention.  Exempts from these requirements the licensing of any inventions made under an R&D agreement. 
(Sec. 4) Makes certain technical amendments to:  (1) the Bayh-Dole Act with regard to Government acquisition of the rights of a private party to a federally owned invention; and (2) the Stevenson-Wydler Act relating to, among other things, the distribution of royalties received by Federal agencies. 
(Sec. 6) Requires each Federal agency with a federally funded laboratory that has one or more R&D agreements under the Stevenson-Wydler Act to report to the Committee on National Security of the National Science and Technology Council (Committee) and the Congress on the general policies and procedures that agency uses to gather and consider the views of other agencies on joint work statements, or R&D agreements in the case of certain laboratories, with respect to major proposed R&D agreements that involve critical national security technology or may have a significant impact on domestic or international competitiveness. 
Directs the Committee to:  (1) determine the adequacy of existing procedures and methods for interagency coordination and awareness with respect to R&D agreements; and (2) establish and distribute to appropriate Federal agencies specific criteria to indicate the necessity for gathering and considering agency views on such statements or agreements, as well as additional procedures, if any, for carrying out such gathering and considering. 
Amends the Stevenson-Wydler Act to provide for increased flexibility for Federal laboratory partnership intermediaries. 
Directs the General Accounting Office to study and report to the Congress on the potential risks to the U.S. biotechnology industry relating to biological deposits in support of biotechnology patents. Requires the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to consider the recommendations of such study in drafting regulations affecting biological deposits. 
Revises Federal patent law to authorize, upon timely request, the treatment of a provisional application as a written application, notwithstanding the absence of a claim.  Applies current statutory abandonment treatment to a provisional application 12 months after the application filing date only if such a request is not made.
Electronic Message Preservation Act - (Sec. 2) Requires the Archivist of the United States to promulgate regulations governing federal agency preservation of electronic messages that are federal records and to periodically review and amend, as necessary, such regulations. Requires such regulations to: (1) require the electronic capture, management, and preservation of such electronic records in accordance with the Federal Records Act; (2) require such records to be retrievable through electronic searches; (3) establish mandatory minimum functional requirements for electronic records management systems and a process to certify federal agency compliance with such requirements; (4) include timelines for federal agency compliance; and (5) include requirements for the capture, management, and preservation of other electronic records. Requires agency and Archivist reports on agency compliance with such regulations.

(Sec. 3) Requires the Archivist to: (1) establish standards for the management of electronic presidential records during a President's term of office, including records management controls necessary for the capture, management, and preservation of electronic messages and for ensuring that electronic messages are readily accessible for retrieval through electronic searches; (2) certify annually whether electronic records management controls established by a President meet the requirements of the Presidential Records Act; and (3) report annually to specified congressional committees on the status of such certification.

Requires the Archivist to report to Congress on: (1) the volume and format of electronic presidential records deposited into the archival depository; and (2) whether the electronic records management controls of a President meet the requirements of this Act and the Presidential Records Act.

(Sec. 4) Directs the Archivist to prescribe internal procedures to prevent the unauthorized removal of classified records from the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) or the destruction or damage of such records, including when such records are accessed electronically. Requires such procedures to: (1) apply to all NARA facilities authorized to store classified records; (2) prohibit any person, other than covered personnel, from viewing classified records in any room that is not secure, except in the presence of NARA personnel or under video surveillance, from being left alone with classified records unless under video surveillance, or from conducting any review of classified records while in the possession of any personal communication device; (3) require all persons seeking access to classified records to consent to a search of their belongings upon conclusion of their records review; and (4) require all writings prepared by persons, other than covered personnel, during the course of a review of classified records to be retained by NARA in a secure facility until such writings are determined to be unclassified, are declassified, or are securely transferred to another secure facility.

Defines "covered personnel" to mean any individual who: (1) has an appropriate and necessary reason for accessing classified records, as determined by the Archivist; and (2) is either an officer or employee of the federal government with appropriate security clearances or a person with appropriate security clearances of a federal contractor authorized in writing to act for purposes of this section by a federal officer or employee.

(Sec. 5) Prohibits the Archivist from making available any original presidential records to anyone claiming access to any such record as a designated representative of a former President if that individual has been convicted of a crime relating to the review, retention, removal, or destruction of records of the Archives.

(Sec. 6) Requires the budgetary effects of this Act, for the purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, to be determined by reference to the latest statement titled "Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation" submitted for this Act.
Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act  (Sec. 3) This bill directs the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to: (1) complete environmental, cultural resource, and other due diligence activities on certain federal land to confirm its suitability for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, South Dakota; and (2) notify, and coordinate with, the Department of the Interior regarding such activities.  After completion of such activities and upon receipt by Interior of written confirmation of suitability from the VA, the land shall: (1) be withdrawn from all forms of appropriation under the public land laws, including the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leasing laws, for as long as it remains under VA administrative jurisdiction; (2) be treated as property; and (3) be transferred, except for the land within 100 feet of the center of the Centennial Trail, from Interior to the VA for use as a national cemetery.  Interior shall publish a notice containing the legal descriptions of such transferred land.  The VA shall reimburse Interior for reasonable transfer costs, including survey costs.   The cemetery's boundary is modified to include such federal land.
Nigeria Democracy Act - Imposes certain economic sanctions on Nigeria to promote democracy and human rights there. 
Requires the President to direct the Secretary of Transportation to revoke the right of Nigerian air carriers to service, and prohibit U.S. air carriers from servicing, routes between the United States and such country. 
Authorizes waiver of such sanctions if the President certifies to the Congress that such waiver is important to the national interest. 
Expresses the sense of the Congress that:  (1) the United States should exclude Nigerian sporting teams from participating in any sporting event in the United States; and (2) the President should work with the Government of Australia before the 2000 Olympic Games to be held in Sydney to determine the appropriateness of issuing visas for Nigerian participants in such Games. 
Directs the President to report periodically to the Congress on the extent to which Nigeria has made progress toward democracy, civilian rule, and respect for internationally-recognized human rights.
SMART Research and Development Compact - Grants the consent of the Congress to the SMART (Strengthening the Mid-Atlantic Region for Tomorrow) Research and Development Compact if such compact is entered into by at least two of the following states: Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania.
District of Columbia National Disaster Insurance Protection Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide for the creation and tax treatment of a tax-exempt natural disaster protection fund held by an insurance company that: (1) is incorporated and domiciled in the District of Columbia; (2) is subject to supervision by the District of Columbia Commissioner of Insurance, Securities, and Banking; (3) maintains an office in the District of Columbia that employs no fewer than 10 full-time employees, at least 5 of whom are District of Columbia residents; (4) is subject to any premium taxes and other taxes and fees imposed by the District of Columbia on all domestic insurance companies; and (5) is subject to an additional tax imposed by the District of Columbia on premiums charged for natural catastrophic risk coverage at a rate that does not exceed the rate of federal excise tax on a premium paid on a contract of reinsurance issued by any foreign insurer or reinsurer.

Allows distributions from such a fund to cover losses attributable to wind (including hurricanes and tornadoes), earthquakes, floods, tsunami or tidal wave, volcanic eruption, fire, hail, snow, ice freezing, or other winter catastrophes, or a pandemic or other public health catastrophe.

Sets forth tax rules for contributions to and distributions from such a fund.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a taxpayer election to defer from tax up to $50 million of the gain from the sale of the assets or stock of a telecommunications business to certain small businesses that own 10 or fewer broadcast stations. Limits to three the number of such purchases by any qualifying small business. Requires the recapture of such deferred gain for any telecommunications business resold within five years.

Authorizes the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to guarantee loans made to small businesses for the purchase of a telecommunications business.
Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish the Tick-Borne Diseases Advisory Committee to advise the Secretary and the Assistant Secretary for Health regarding the manner in which they can: (1) ensure interagency coordination and communication and minimize overlap regarding efforts to address tick-borne diseases; (2) identify opportunities to coordinate efforts with other federal agencies and private organizations addressing such diseases; (3) ensure interagency coordination and communication with constituency groups; (4) ensure that a broad spectrum of scientific viewpoints is represented in public health policy decisions and that information disseminated to the public and physicians is balanced; and (5) advise relevant federal agencies on priorities related to Lyme and tick-borne diseases.
Amends the District of Columbia Code to make the Mayor of the District of Columbia (currently, the President of the United States) the Commander-in-Chief of the militia of the District. Makes conforming amendments to comply with this Act to: (1) Title 10 (Armed Forces); (2) Title 32 (National Guard); (3) the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993; and (4) the District of Columbia Home Rule Act.
Community Pharmacy Fairness Act of 2007 - Entitles independent pharmacies negotiating contract terms with a health plan for the provision of health care items or services to the same treatment under the antitrust laws as the treatment to which bargaining units recognized under the National Labor Relations Act are entitled. Treats such a pharmacy as an employee engaged in concerted activities in connection with such negotiations.

Exempts actions taken in good faith reliance on this Act from being subject to criminal sanctions or civil penalties beyond actual damages incurred.

Provides that this Act does not exempt from application of antitrust laws any agreement or unlawful conspiracy that: (1) would have the effect of boycotting any independent pharmacy; (2) would exclude, limit the participation or reimbursement of, or otherwise limit the scope of services to be provided by any independent pharmacy or group of independent pharmacies with respect to the performance of services that are within their scope of practice as defined or permitted by relevant law or regulation; (3) allocates a market among competitors; (4) unlawfully ties the sale or purchase of one product or service to the sale or purchase of another product or service; or (5) monopolizes or attempts to monopolize a market.

Excludes from the application of this Act: (1) negotiations of any group of independent pharmacies with a health plan if the number of pharmacy licenses within such group in a PDP region (Medicare Part D prescription drug plan region) exceeds 25% of the total number of pharmacy licenses issued to all retail pharmacies in the region; and (2) negotiations between independent pharmacies and health plans pertaining to federal health benefits.

Requires the Comptroller General to study the impact of this Act after five years.

Provides that this Act does not preclude the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) or the Department of Justice (DOJ) from overseeing the conduct of independent pharmacies covered under this Act.
Max Cleland Over-the-Road Bus Security and Safety Act of 2002 - (Sec. 2) Directs the Secretary of Transportation, acting through the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, to establish a program to make grants to private operators of over-the-road buses for specified system-wide security improvements to their operations, including the reimbursement of extraordinary security-related costs incurred since September 11, 2001.(Sec. 3) Sets forth certain grant requirements, including requiring: (1) an applicant private operator of over-the-road buses to submit to the Secretary a security improvements plan; and (2) an applicant for a grant for security improvements within a terminal owned and operated by an entity other than the applicant to demonstrate to the Secretary that such applicant has coordinated such improvements for the terminal with the entity.(Sec. 5) Requires the Secretary to submit to specified congressional committees a preliminary report that includes, among other things, an assessment of the over-the-road bus security grant program.(Sec. 6) Authorizes appropriations for FY 2003.
Helping Families Save their Homes in Bankruptcy Act of 2009 - (Sec. 1) Amends federal bankruptcy law governing a Chapter 13 debtor (adjustment of debts of an individual with regular income). Excludes from computation of debts the secured or unsecured portions of: (1) debts secured by the debtor's principal residence if the current value of that residence is less than the secured debt limit; or (2) debts secured or formerly secured by a debtor's principal residence that was either sold in foreclosure or surrendered to the creditor if the current value of such real property is less than the secured debt limit.

(Sec. 2) Declares the credit counseling requirement inapplicable to a Chapter 13 debtor who certifies that he or she has received notice that the holder of a claim secured by the debtor's principal residence may commence a foreclosure on the debtor's principal residence.

(Sec. 3) Requires the court to disallow a claim for a loan secured by a security interest in the debtor's principal residence that is subject to remedy for damages or rescission due to violations of the Truth in Lending Act, notwithstanding prior entry of a foreclosure judgment. Prohibits construction of such disallowance to modify, impair, or supersede any other right of the debtor.

(Sec. 4) Allows modification of claim holders' rights in connection with a foreclosure notice for a chapter 13 debtor whose loan originated before the effective date of this Act. Allows changing an adjustable rate of interest to a fixed rate, and extending the repayment period.

Prescribes conditions for reducing a claim under this Act if the debtor receives net proceeds from the sale of the principal residence before receiving a discharge in bankruptcy.

Establishes requirements for modification of other kinds of claims for a loan secured by a security interest in the debtor's principal residence.

(Sec. 5) Denies debtor liability for certain fees and charges incurred while the bankruptcy case is pending and arising from a debt secured by the debtor's principal residence, unless the claim holder observes specified requirements.

(Sec. 6) Adds to conditions for court confirmation of a plan in bankruptcy that: (1) the holder of a claim for a loan secured by the debtor's principal residence retain the lien securing the claim until the later of the payment of such claim as reduced and modified or the discharge of a debtor from all debts; and (2) the plan modifies the claim in good faith and the court finds that the debtor did not obtain the modified claim by the debtor's material misrepresentation, false pretenses, or actual fraud.

(Sec. 7) Excludes from final discharge of a debtor from all debts: (1) any payments to claim holders whose rights are modified under this Act; and (2) any unpaid portion of a claim as reduced.

(Sec. 8) Prohibits the construction of this Act to modify any obligation of the Federal Housing Administration (FHA), the Veterans Administration (VA), or the Department of Agriculture under a contract that guarantees or insures payment of a loan secured by a security interest in a principal residence.
Restricts the authority of the Environmental Protection Agency to control the production, importation, or export of methyl bromide for pesticide use consistent with requirements and obligations of the Montreal Protocol.
National Strategy for Combating Terrorist, Underground, and Other Illicit Financing Act This bill directs the Department of the Treasury to develop a national strategy to combat the financing of terrorism and related forms of illicit finance.
National Blue Alert Act of 2010 - Directs the Attorney General to: (1) establish a national Blue Alert communications network within the Department of Justice (DOJ) to disseminate information when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty; (2) assign a DOJ officer to act as the national coordinator of the Blue Alert communications network; and (3) provide grants to states for the development or enhancement of programs and activities to support Blue Alert plans and the Blue Alert communications network. Sets forth the duties of the national coordinator, including working with states to develop additional Blue Alert plans in the network, establishing voluntary guidelines for states in developing Blue Alert plans, developing protocols for efforts to apprehend suspects, and establishing an advisory group to assist states, local governments, law enforcement agencies, and other entities in initiating, facilitating, and promoting Blue Alert plans.
American Manufacturing Competitiveness Act of 2013 - Directs the Committee on Technology under the National Science and Technology Council to develop, in lieu of the currently required strategic plan to guide federal programs and activities in support of advanced manufacturing research and development, a national manufacturing competitiveness strategic plan to improve government coordination and provide long-term guidance for federal programs and activities in support of U.S. manufacturing competitiveness, including advanced manufacturing research and development.  Requires the Secretary of Commerce, in developing and updating the plan quadrennially, to serve as the chairperson of the Committee.  Specifies the goals of the plan to be to: (1) promote growth in the U.S. manufacturing sector, (2) support the development of a skilled manufacturing workforce, (3) enable innovation and investment in domestic manufacturing, and (4) support national security.  Requires the Committee, as part of the development of the plan, to conduct an analysis of specified factors that impact the competitiveness and growth of the U.S. manufacturing sector. Requires the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to transmit the plan, and subsequent updates, to Congress.
Ban Poisonous Additives Act of 2009 - Treats any food container that is composed, in whole or in part, of bisphenol A or that can release bisphenol A into food as a container that is composed of a poisonous or deleterious substance for purposes of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. Bans the use of such containers. Allows the Secretary of Health and Human Services to grant a waiver of such ban for one year (renewable for an additional year) under specified circumstances. Requires any product for which the Secretary grants a waiver to display a prominent warning on its label of the potential health effects associated with bisphenol A.

Directs the Commissioner of Food and Drugs to periodically review substances listed in federal regulations and generally recognized as safe. Requires any such substances that are shown by new scientific evidence to cause reproductive or developmental toxicity in humans or animals to be banned or otherwise restricted.

Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require (currently, permits) a manufacturer or supplier of a food contact substance to notify the Secretary of the identity, intended use, and safety of any such substance and of determinations as to the health effects of such substance.
Death in Custody Reporting Act of 2009 - Requires states that receive certain criminal justice assistance grants to report to the Attorney General on a quarterly basis certain information regarding the death of any person who is detained, arrested, en route to incarceration, or incarcerated in state or local facilities or a boot camp prison. Grants the Attorney General discretion to reduce by up to 10% the amount of the criminal justice assistance grants of states that fail to comply.

Requires the head of each federal law enforcement agency to report to the Attorney General annually certain information regarding the death of any person who: (1) is detained or arrested by any officer of such agency (or by any state or local law enforcement officer for purposes of a federal law enforcement operation); or (2) is en route to be incarcerated or detained, or is incarcerated or detained, at any federal correctional facility or federal pretrial detention facility located within the United States or any other facility pursuant to a contract with or used by such agency.

Requires the Attorney General to study such information and report on means by which it can be used to reduce the number of such deaths.
 IDEA Full Funding Act Amends the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) to reauthorize and make appropriations for the grant program to assist states and outlying areas in providing special education and related services to children with disabilities. Sets the amount to be authorized and the amount to be appropriated for each fiscal year from FY2016-FY2024 as the greater of: (1) a specified amount, or (2) a specified percentage of an amount determined pursuant to a formula that multiplies the number of children receiving special education services by the average per-pupil expenditure in public elementary and secondary schools.  Authorizes and appropriates funds for FY2025 and each subsequent fiscal year equal to the greater of a specified amount or 40% of the amount determined using such formula.  Requires amounts appropriated to be expended consistent with pay-as-you-go requirements.
Antibullying Campaign Act of 2005 - Directs the Secretary of Education to make matching grants to applicant states for antiharassment programs that prohibit harassment in public schools and on public school grounds based on any distinguishing characteristic of an individual.

Directs the Secretary to study and report to Congress on harassment in public schools.
Specifies that a violation of such provisions does not require proof that: (1) the person engaging in the conduct had knowledge or should have had knowledge that the victim of the underlying offense was pregnant; or (2) the defendant (or accused) intended to cause the death of, or bodily injury to, the unborn child.  Directs that if the person engaging in the conduct thereby intentionally kills or attempts to kill the unborn child, that person shall be punished as provided under the Federal criminal code for intentionally killing or attempting to kill a human being.Bars prosecution under this Act: (1) of any person for conduct relating to an abortion for which the consent of the pregnant woman, or a person authorized by law to act on her behalf, has been obtained or for which such consent is implied by law; (2) for conduct relating to any medical treatment of the pregnant woman or her unborn child; or (3) of any woman with respect to her unborn child.
Gas Price Spike Act of 2001 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to impose an excise tax on the sale of any crude oil, natural gas, or products thereof a tax equal to the applicable percentage of the windfall profit on such sale. Defines "applicable percentage."Establishes a credit for the purchase of U.S.- made fuel efficient passenger vehicles.Authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to the operator of a mass transit system to assist the operator in reducing fares paid by passengers using the system which shall be paid for by revenues from the windfall profits tax.Establishes an independent board to be known as the Reasonable Profits Board to make reasonable profit determinations with respect to the windfall profit tax.
Amends the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to limit contributions to House of Representatives elections from persons other than local individual residents. 
Reduces maximum House contribution amounts from multicandidate political committees (PACs). 
Sets forth limitations and reporting requirements for amounts paid for mixed political activities ("soft money"). 
Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to require a broadcast station to make broadcast time available to all House and Senate candidates in the last 30 (currently 45) days before a primary and the last 45 (currently 60) days before a general election, at the lowest unit charge of the station for the same amount of time (currently, the same class and amount of time) for the same period on the same date. Prohibits broadcasters from preempting advertisements sold to political candidates at the lowest unit rate, unless the preemption is beyond the broadcaster's control.
Defend the American Dream Act of 2005 - Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to require employers of H-1B (specialty occupations) nonimmigrants to use one of three specified methods (whichever results in the highest wages) to determine wages for purposes of required wage attestations. Requires such employers who previously employed one or more H-1B nonimmigrants to submit with their labor condition application (LCA) a copy of the W-2 Wage and Tax Statement filed with respect to those nonimmigrants.

Extends to 180 days the period during which certain H-1B employers must show nondisplacement of U.S. workers. Requires such employers to actively engage in recruitment efforts. Prohibits such employers from outsourcing or otherwise contracting for the placement of an H-1B nonimmigrant with another employer, regardless of whether the other employer is H-1B dependent employer.

Sets forth prior notice requirements.

Reduces the period of H-1B authorized admission to three years.

Eliminates the exemption from H-1B numerical admission limitations for certain aliens with a U.S. master's or higher degree.

Revises the H-1B definition of "specialty occupation."

Triples the H-1B petitioner fee.

Requires the Secretary of Labor to be responsible for investigations of wage complaints and allegations of fraud in the filing of LCAs.

 Creates a private right of action for persons harmed by an employer's violation of labor condition requirements.

Applies the nondisplacement requirement to all H-1B employers.
Affordable College Textbook Act This bill directs the&nbsp;Department of Education (ED) to make competitive grants to institutions of higher education (IHEs) to support pilot programs that expand the use of open textbooks in order to achieve savings for students.       It requires the full and complete digital content of the educational resources created or adopted using grant funds to be made available free of charge to the public: (1) on an easily accessible and interoperable website; and (2) in a machine readable, digital format that anyone can directly download, edit with attribution, and redistribute.  ED must give special consideration to grant applicants that demonstrate the greatest potential to:    achieve the highest level of savings for students;  expand the use of open textbooks at other IHEs; and   produce open textbooks that are of the highest quality, that can be most easily utilized and adapted by faculty members, that correspond to the highest enrollment courses, and that are created or adopted in partnership with entities that will assist in their marketing and distribution.  The bill amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to include any educational material developed to accompany a college textbook as supplemental material that is subject to college textbook information disclosure requirements.
Thirteenth Amendment Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue the following coins in commemoration of the sesquicentennial anniversary of the passage of the Thirteenth Amendment to the Constitution (formally abolished slavery in the United States):  up to 250,000 $50 bi-metallic platinum and gold coins, up to 250,000 $20 gold coins, and  up to 500,000 $1 silver coins.  Requires such coins to be considered legal tender and numismatic items. Permits the Secretary to issue such coins only during the calendar year beginning January 1, 2016, except that sales may be initiated, without issuance, before such date. Requires specified surcharges received by the Secretary from the sale of such coins to be paid to the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture. Directs the Secretary to ensure that: (1) the minting and issuing of such coins will not result in any net cost to the U.S. government; and (2) no funds, including applicable surcharges, are disbursed to the Museum until the total cost of designing and issuing all such coins is recovered by the Treasury.
Child Custody Protection Act - Amends the federal criminal code to prohibit transporting a minor child across a state line to obtain an abortion (deems such transporting to be a de facto abridgment of the right of a parent under any law in the minors state of residence that requires parental involvement in the minors abortion decision). Makes an exception for an abortion necessary to safe the life of the minor.

Makes it an affirmative defense to a prosecution or civil action under this Act that a defendant: (1) reasonably believed that before the minor obtained the abortion, the required parental consent or notification or judicial authorization took place; or (2) was presented with documentation showing that a court waived parental notification requirements or authorized the minor's abortion.

Defines "abortion" as the termination of a pregnancy with an intention other than to increase the probability of a live birth, preserve the life or health of the child after live birth, terminate an ectopic pregnancy, or remove a dead unborn child who died as the result of a spontaneous abortion, accidental trauma, or a criminal assault on the pregnant female or her unborn child.

Imposes a fine and/or prison term of up to one year on anyone who has committed an act of incest with a minor and knowingly transports such minor across a state line to obtain an abortion.
Airline Competition and Lower Fares Act - Directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine whether the demand among air carriers for slots at LaGuardia Airport, O'Hare International Airport, John F. Kennedy International Airport, and Metropolitan Washington Airport (commonly known as Washington National Airport) can be met with the slots available to the Secretary.  Requires the Secretary, if the demand among dominant air carriers for slots at such an airport cannot be met with the slots available to the Secretary, to withdraw from such carriers up to ten percent of such slots at that airport for redistribution to new entrants and limited incumbents through auction on a competitive bidding basis, as long as the redistribution of the additional slots significantly increases competition between air carriers. Prohibits withdrawal of any slots used for international flights or for direct flights to a low-competition airport. 
(Sec. 4) Prohibits slots obtained under this Act from being considered an asset (including for collateral) for any agreement which would require its forfeiture, or in any bankruptcy proceeding. 
(Sec. 5) Directs the Secretary to complete action on all complaints alleging predatory practices by air carriers that were filed with the Secretary on or before December 31, 1997, and after such date, but before the enactment of this Act.  Directs the Secretary, after notice and opportunity for a hearing, to enjoin any action that is found to be a predatory practice.  Directs the Secretary to report biannually to the Congress about such complaints. 
(Sec. 8) Directs the Secretary to initiate a rulemaking to determine whether the application of the 80-percent rule with respect to the allocation of airport slots promotes, hinders, or has no effect on airline competition. 
Directs the Secretary to report annually to the Congress on barriers to entry, predatory pricing, and other limits on competition in the aviation industry. 
(Sec. 9) Prohibits the Secretary from issuing or approving any regulation or exemption in carrying out this Act which would increase airplane noise in communities surrounding an airport. 
(Sec. 10) Amends Federal aviation law provisions prohibiting State regulation of air prices, routes, and services to declare that such provisions shall not bar a cause of action brought against an air carrier by one or more private parties seeking to enforce any right under the common law of any State or State statute, other than a statute purporting to directly prescribe fares, routes, or levels of air transportation service.
Benefit Adjustment of Social Security Income Compensation Act of 2010 or the BASIC Act - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) of the Social Security Act to provide that: (1) an individual's entitlement to any OASDI benefit shall continue through the month of his or her death (without affecting any other person's entitlement to benefits for that month); and (2) the benefit shall be payable for such month only to the extent proportionate to the number of days in the month preceding the date of death.

Revises the formula for computation of a lump-sum death payment to the widow or widower of a fully or currently insured individual.
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  Heirless Assets 
     Title II:  Works of Art 
Holocaust Victims Redress Act - 
Title I:  Heirless Assets
 - Directs the Secretary of State to direct the commissioner representing the United States on the Tripartite Commission for the Restitution of Monetary Gold to seek and vote for a timely agreement under which all signatories to the Paris Agreement on Reparation with claims against the monetary gold pool in the Commission's jurisdiction contribute all or a substantial portion of such gold to charitable organizations to assist survivors of the Holocaust. 
Authorizes the Secretary of State to commit the United States to pay up to $25 million for distribution under such an agreement. 
Authorizes appropriations. 
Directs the Secretary of State to reserve a portion of the appropriation for the United States Holocaust Museum for archival research to assist in the restitution of assets looted or extorted from victims of the Holocaust and such other activities that would further Holocaust remembrance and education. 
Title II:  Works of Art
 - Expresses the sense of the Congress that, consistent with the 1907 Hague Convention, all governments should undertake good faith efforts to facilitate the return of private and public property, such as works of art, to the rightful owners in cases where assets were confiscated from the claimant during the period of Nazi rule and there is reasonable proof that the claimant is the rightful owner.
Health Care Paperwork Reduction and Fraud Prevention Act of 2009 - Establishes the Commission on Health Care Billing Codes and Forms Simplification which shall make recommendations regarding: (1) standardizing and simplifying credentialing and billing forms for health care claims; (2) reducing and simplifying billing codes; (3) reforming the Medicare regulatory and appeals processes to ensure that the Secretary of Health and Human Services provides appropriate guidance to providers for submitting Medicare claims and does not target inadvertent billing errors; and (4) updating electronic forms of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to ensure simplicity and privacy.

Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a process under which a physician may request from a carrier written assistance in addressing questionable codes and procedures under the Medicare program.

Requires the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to restore the toll-free telephone hotline so that physicians may call for information and questions about the Medicare program.

Prohibits the Administrator from implementing any new evaluation and management (E&M) guidelines under the Medicare program unless the Administrator: (1) has provided for an assessment of the proposed guidelines by physicians; (2) has established a plan that contains specific goals, including a schedule for improving participation of physicians in such assessment; (3) has carried out a minimum of four pilot projects in at least four different regions to test E&M guidelines; and (4) finds that specified objectives will be met in the implementation of such guidelines.

Sets forth provisions concerning: (1) physician participation and pilot program testing requirements and objectives for new E&M guidelines under Medicare; and (2) notice, administrative, and penalty requirements with respect to Medicare overpayments.
Fairness to Contact Lens Consumers Act - (Sec. 2) Requires a contact lens prescriber (a person permitted under State law to issue prescriptions for contact lenses) to provide a patient with a copy of their contact lens prescription, whether or not requested by the patient, and verify the prescription's accuracy, or make necessary corrections, to a contact lens seller or any person designated by the patient. Prohibits a prescriber from: (1) requiring patients to purchase contact lenses from the prescriber; (2) charging an additional fee for a copy of the prescription; (3) requiring the patient to sign a waiver; and (4) disclaiming liability or responsibility for the accuracy of the eye examination.

(Sec. 3) Allows a prescriber to withhold the contact lens prescription until the prescriber receives payment or proof of insurance coverage only if the prescriber also requires immediate payment from a patient not needing any ophthalmic goods.

(Sec. 4) Allows a seller to fill a prescription for contact lenses only when: (1) a seller receives a contact lens prescription directly or by facsimile; (2) a seller verifies a prescription by direct communication with the prescriber; or (3) the prescriber fails to respond to the seller within eight business hours after being contacted by the seller with the prescription information. Requires a seller to maintain a record of all such communication with a patient or a prescriber.

(Sec. 5) Declares that a contact lens prescription shall expire on the date specified by the law of the State in which it is written, but not less than one year after the issue date of the prescription. Permits an exception for a patient's ocular health.

(Sec. 6) Prohibits advertising that represents that contact lenses may be obtained without a prescription.

(Sec. 8) Requires the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to prescribe rules to carry out this Act.

(Sec. 9) States that any violation of this Act shall be treated as a violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act regarding unfair or deceptive acts or practices.

(Sec. 10) Requires the FTC to report to Congress on: (1) exclusive relationships between prescribers or sellers and contact lens manufacturers and the impact such relationships have on competition; (2) differences between online and off-line sellers of contact lenses; (3) contact lens prescriptions that specify brand name and their impact on competition; (4) the FTC eyeglasses rule, its enforcement, and its impact on competition; and (5) any other issue that affects competition in the sale of contact lenses.
Intercity Passenger Rail Trust Fund Act of 1995 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to establish the Intercity Passenger Rail Trust Fund to finance qualified expenses of:  (1) the National Railroad Passenger Corporation; and (2) eligible States.  Makes appropriations in specified amounts for FY 1996 through FY 2000 to such Fund.  Directs the Secretary of Transportation, by October 1, 2000, to determine and retain the amount in the Intercity Passenger Rail Fund necessary to pay any outstanding qualified expenses, and to transfer any amount not so retained to the Mass Transit Fund. 
Authorizes the Secretary to transfer from time to time from the Highway Trust Fund to the Intercity Passenger Rail Trust Fund the intercity passenger rail portion of specified funds appropriated to the Highway Trust Fund. 
Prohibits a deduction for interest paid on loans with respect to any endowment or annuity insurance contracts owned by the taxpayer covering any individual.
.  Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act TITLE I--AMPLIFYING LOCAL EFFORTS TO ROOT OUT TERROR (Sec. 101) This bill authorizes the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to provide training at state and major urban area fusion centers for the purpose of administering community awareness briefings and related activities in furtherance of its efforts to counter violent extremism, identify and report suspicious activities, and increase awareness of and more quickly identify terrorism threats, including the travel or attempted travel of individuals from the United States to support a foreign terrorist organization abroad. (A "fusion center" serves as a focal point within the state and local environment for the receipt, analysis, gathering, and sharing of threat-related information between the federal government and state, local, tribal, territorial and private sector partners.) (Sec. 102) The bill directs DHS to assess its efforts to support countering violent extremism at the state, local, tribal, and territorial levels. Such assessment shall:  catalog such efforts; review cooperative agreements between DHS and such governments relating to countering violent extremism; and evaluate DHS plans and any potential opportunities to better support such governments that are in furtherance of DHS's countering violent extremism objectives and consistent with all relevant constitutional, legal, and privacy protections.   (Sec. 103) DHS shall notify Congress of the number of employees of state, local, tribal, and territorial governments with security clearances sponsored by DHS, including a detailed list of the agencies that employ such employees, the level of clearance held, and whether such employees are assigned as representatives to fusion centers. TITLE II--COUNTERMESSAGING TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS  (Sec. 201) DHS shall incorporate the public testimonials of former extremists into its efforts to combat terrorist recruitment. Such efforts may include: (1) counter-messaging of foreign terrorist organization communications, and (2) related community engagement and public education efforts.  TITLE III--COUNTERTERRORISM ADVISORY BOARD (Sec. 301) This title amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in DHS a board to coordinate and integrate DHS's intelligence, activities, and policy related to its counterterrorism mission and functions. The board shall: (1) meet on a regular basis to discuss intelligence and coordinate ongoing threat mitigation efforts and departmental activities, and (2) advise the Secretary of DHS on the issuance of terrorism alerts. The Secretary shall appoint a Coordinator for Counterterrorism within DHS to serve as the chair of the board. TITLE IV--PROHIBITION ON NEW FUNDING (Sec. 401) No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this bill.
Sets forth provisions regarding permissible uses of grant funds, the Federal cost share (75 percent), program and application requirements, geographic distribution of grant awards, reports, and evaluations.
Authorizes appropriations.
Title II: Federal Drug Treatment Alternative Sentencing
 - Federal Drug Treatment Alternative Sentencing Act of 2000 - Directs the court, upon the conviction of an individual for a misdemeanor under Controlled Substances Act provisions regarding simple possession of a controlled substance, if the individual meets specified criteria, to consider sentencing that individual to a term of probation that includes a condition, or a term of imprisonment that includes a recommendation, of participation in substance abuse treatment, including a drug dependency program.
(Sec. 203) Directs the court: (1) if it imposes a sentence of probation, to subject such sentence to specified requirements under the Federal criminal code; and (2) in considering discretionary conditions of probation, to consider and use, where appropriate to assure participation in substance abuse treatment, any of several listed options, including day fines, house arrest, electronic monitoring, intensive probation supervision, day reporting centers, intermittent confinement, and treatment in therapeutic community.
Directs that each offender who participates in a substance abuse program under this section serve a sentence of imprisonment with respect to the underlying offense if that offender does not successfully complete such a program. Directs the court to order that substance abuse treatment be provided in the locality in which the individual resides.
(Sec. 204) Requires the Bureau of Prisons to maintain a drug dependency program for offenders sentenced to incarceration, which shall consist of residential substance abuse treatment and aftercare services. Sets forth reporting requirements.
(Sec. 206) Directs the United States Sentencing Commission to submit a report to the House and Senate Judiciary Committees regarding mandatory minimum sentences for controlled substance offenses, which shall include an analysis of: (1) whether such sentences may have a disproportionate impact on ethnic or racial groups; (2) the effectiveness of such sentences in reducing drug-related crime by violent offenders; and (3) the frequency and appropriateness of the use of such sentences for nonviolent offenders in contrast with other approaches such as drug treatment programs.
Social Security and Medicare Lock-Box Act This bill establishes: (1)&nbsp;in the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund, a Social Security Surplus Protection Account; and (2) in the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, a Medicare Surplus Protection Account. The Managing Trustee of&nbsp;each trust fund (in both cases, the Secretary of the Treasury): (1) must transfer the annual surplus of&nbsp;the trust fund to its respective&nbsp;account; and (2) may not invest the balance in the account until a law takes effect that authorizes, for amounts in the trust fund, an investment vehicle other than U.S. obligations. The bill establishes in the executive branch a commission to study the most effective vehicles for investment of the trust funds, other than investments in the form of U.S. obligations. 
Railroad Security and Public Awareness Act of 2005 - Directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop and issue detailed guidance for a rail worker security training program to prepare front-line workers for potential threat conditions. Requires railroad carriers to develop a rail worker security training program that meets the Secretary's approval.

Directs the Secretary to develop a national plan for public outreach and awareness of measures that the general public, railroad passengers, and railroad employees can take to increase railroad security.

Authorizes the Secretary to make grants to railroads (including intercity, heavy, and light rail), hazardous materials shippers, owners of hazardous materials rail cars, universities, colleges, and research centers, and state and local governments (for railroad facilities and infrastructure) for full or partial reimbursement of: (1) rail worker security training program costs; and (2) security upgrade costs incurred by a railroad to prevent or respond to acts of terrorism, sabotage, or other railroad security threats.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) develop timelines for completing the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) framework for analyzing risks to the U.S. rail system and other transportation sectors; (2) evaluate whether the risk assessment used by the Office for Domestic Preparedness should be leveraged to facilitate the completion of such risk assessments; (3) set timelines for completing the memorandum of understanding (MOU) modal agreements for rail, mass transit, and research and development (R&D), which DHS and the Department of Transportation (DOT) have agreed to pursue; (4) develop and issue rail security standards, including a plan for how Transportation Security Administration (TSA) rail inspectors will be used to enforce such standards; and (5) study select foreign rail security practices, including the cost of implementing selected best practices not currently used in the United States.
Semiautomatic Assault Weapon Violence Prevention Act of 1993 - Amends the Federal criminal code to make it unlawful to transfer or possess a semiautomatic assault weapon.  Makes this Act inapplicable to the transfer or possession of a weapon:  (1) by a Federal or State agency; (2) that was lawfully possessed before this Act's enactment or, in the case of a semiautomatic firearm designated as a semiautomatic assault weapon under this Act, before the designation is made; or (3) by a licensed manufacturer or importer for purposes of authorized testing or experimentation. 
Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to designate a rifle, pistol, or shotgun that is a semiautomatic firearm and meets specified criteria as a semiautomatic assault weapon. 
Makes it unlawful to transfer or possess a large capacity ammunition feeding device except in connection with activities parallel to those listed for the possession or transfer of semiautomatic assault weapons. 
Requires the serial numbers of such weapons or devices to clearly show if they were manufactured or imported after this Act's effective date.
Cabin Fee Act of 2014 - (Sec. 2) Establishes a new process for the Secretary of Agriculture (USDA) to set annual fees for the issuance of special use permits for the use and occupancy of National Forest System land for recreational residences commonly referred to as cabins. Replaces the current process under which annual user fees are adjusted annually based on changes in land values, which are subject to reappraisals and appeals, with a new tiered system in which fees based on the current appraisal cycle are capped at a specified amount and adjusted annually for inflation only.  Requires the Secretary to: (1) complete the current appraisal cycle, including receipt of timely second appraisals, for such residences within one year after enactment of this Act; and (2) assess an interim annual fee for them according to a specified formula. Specifies the annual fee for each of 11 fee tiers that are adjusted annually for inflation. Requires the Secretary to report after&nbsp;10 years on these annual fees in order to ensure that they reflect fair value for the use of System land, and on any recommendations to modify the fee system.  (Sec. 3) Directs the Secretary to establish a transfer fee of $1,200 for the issuance of a new recreational residence permit due to a change in ownership of the recreational residence.  (Sec. 5) Permits the Secretary, beginning&nbsp;10 years after enactment of this Act, to: (1) retain and expend any fees collected under this Act, without further appropriation; and (2) use them to administer the recreational residence program and other recreation programs carried out on System land. (Sec. 6) Repeals the Cabin User Fee Fairness Act of 2000, effective on the date the annual permit fees are first assessed under this Act.
Welfare and Teenage Pregnancy Reduction Act - Amends title IV of the Social Security Act (SSA) to replace the program of aid to families with dependent children under SSA title IV part A (AFDC) with a program of block grants to States for families with dependent children whose natural parents have attained age 18. 
Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to report to the Congress on actions required under this Act to reduce AFDC administrative costs.
Minority Serving Institution Digital and Wireless Technology Opportunity Act of 2005 - Establishes within the National Science Foundation (NSF) an Office of Minority Serving Institution Digital and Wireless Technology to: (1) award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements (assistance) to eligible institutions to provide educational instruction in digital and wireless network technologies; and (2) strengthen the national digital and wireless infrastructure by increasing national investment in telecommunications and technology infrastructure at eligible institutions.

Requires the NSF Director to establish an advisory council on the best approaches for involving eligible institutions in supported activities and for reviewing and evaluating submitted proposals. Requires the council to include members from minority serving institutions. Requires: (1) a matching recipient contribution of 25 percent of the federal assistance amount; and (2) annual reports from recipients to the NSF Director on the uses of such assistance. Makes the following institutions eligible for such assistance: (1) a historically Black college or university; (2) a Hispanic-, Alaska Native-, or Native Hawaiian-serving institution; (3) a tribally controlled college or university; or (4) an institution determined to have enrolled a substantial number of minority, low-income students who received assistance under the Higher Education Act of 1965. Provides a matching funds requirement. Authorizes appropriations for FY2006-FY2010.
Social Security Number Protection Act of 2006 - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to make it unlawful for any person to sell or purchase a Social Security number in a manner that violates a regulation promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

Directs the FTC to promulgate regulations restricting the sale and purchase of such numbers and any unfair or deceptive acts or practices involved in such a sale or purchase. Requires such regulations to be no broader than necessary to: (1) provide reasonable assurance that Social Security numbers will not be used to commit or facilitate fraud, deception, or crime; and (2) prevent an undue risk of bodily, emotional, or financial harm to individuals.

Requires such regulations also to include exceptions which permit the sale and purchase of Social Security numbers to the extent necessary for: (1) law enforcement, national security, and public health purposes; (2) research conducted for the purpose of advancing public knowledge, subject to certain conditions; and (3) legitimate consumer credit verification, if the numbers used are redacted in accordance with uniform redaction standards established by the FTC in such regulations.

Requires exceptions also for the sale and purchase of such numbers to the extent: (1) necessary in emergency situations to protect the health or safety of one or more individuals; and (2) consistent with an individual's voluntary and affirmative written consent to the sale or purchase of his or her number.

Prescribes enforcement requirements. Authorizes states to bring civil actions on behalf of state residents in a U.S. district court to: (1) enjoin an act or practice; (2) enforce compliance with the regulation; (3) obtain civil penalties in an amount of $11,000 per violation, up to a total of $5 million; or (4) obtain other appropriate legal and equitable relief.

Allows the U.S. Attorney General to institute a criminal proceeding for a violation of this Act.
NAFTA-Impacted Communities Relief Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) provide for the designation of communities as impacted by the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) based upon job loss and unemployment resulting from NAFTA; (2) allow employers in such NAFTA-impacted communities a business tax credit for up to 8.5 percent of wages paid to employees; (3) increase depreciation expensing levels for business assets located in NAFTA-impacted communities; and (4) direct the Secretary of Labor to provide grants to States containing NAFTA-impacted communities for education and job training assistance.
Campus Fire Safety Right to Know Act - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require each eligible institution participating in any program under title IV (Student Assistance) to: (1) prepare, publish, and distribute to all current students and employees, and to any applicant for enrollment or employment upon request, an annual fire safety report which discloses specified types of information about that institution's campus fire safety standards and practices; (2) make periodic reports to the campus community on fires and false alarms that are reported to local fire departments, to aid in preventing similar occurrences; and (3) submit annually to the Secretary of Education a copy of statistics on campus occurrences of fires and false fire alarms.Directs the Secretary to: (1) review such statistics; (2) make copies available to the public; (3) identify exemplary fire safety policies, procedures, and practices, and disseminate information concerning those policies, procedures, and practices that have proven effective in the reduction of campus fires; and (4) report to Congress analyses of the current status of fire safety systems in college and university facilities, and of the appropriate fire safety standards to apply to these facilities, as well as cost estimates and recommendations.
Access to Medical Treatment Act - Permits any individual to be treated by a health care practitioner with any method of medical treatment that such individual desires or the legal representative of such individual authorizes if:  (1) the practitioner agrees to treat the individual; and (2) the administration of such treatment falls within the practitioner's scope of practice. 
Authorizes health care practitioners to provide any method of treatment to such an individual if:  (1) there is no evidence that the treatment is a danger to the individual; (2) in the case of treatment that is the administration of a food, drug, or device that has not been approved by the Food and Drug Administration, the individual has been informed that the treatment has not been approved and the food, drug, or device contains a warning to that effect; (3) the individual has been informed of the nature of the treatment; (4) there have been no claims, including advertising and labeling claims, made with respect to the efficacy of such treatment; and (5) the individual desires such treatment and has been provided and has signed a written statement that such individual has been fully informed with respect to such information. 
Requires a practitioner, after administering such treatment and discovering it to be a danger to an individual, to submit a report to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
Authorizes the introduction or delivery into interstate commerce of medication or equipment for use in accordance with this Act. 
Prohibits a licensing board from denying, suspending, or revoking the license of a health care practitioner solely because such practitioner provides treatment described by this Act.
Carlsbad Irrigation Project Acquired Land Transfer Act - Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to convey to the Carlsbad Irrigation District specified real property within the Carlsbad Project in New Mexico and all U.S. interests in the irrigation and drainage system of the Project and all related lands, including ditch rider houses, the maintenance shop and buildings, and the Pecos River Flume.  Requires the conveyed lands to continue to be managed and used for the purposes for which the project was authorized. 
Expresses the sense of the Congress that the Secretary should complete such conveyance within nine months after the enactment of this Act.  Requires a report from the Secretary to the Congress if the conveyance is not completed in such time. 
Directs the Secretary to:  (1) provide a written identification of all mineral and grazing leases in effect on such lands; and (2) notify all such leaseholders of the conveyance made by this Act.  Provides that the District shall assume all U.S. rights and obligations for all mineral and grazing leases, licenses, and permits existing on the conveyed lands and shall be entitled to any associated receipts. 
Requires receipts paid into the reclamation fund as credits to the Carlsbad Project to be made available to the District for Project purposes. 
Authorizes the Secretary to expend a specified amount annually from Bureau of Reclamation operation and maintenance funds to implement water conservation practices at the Project.  Requires the District to provide matching funds. 
Indemnifies the United States from damages arising out of any act or omission related to the conveyed property (with an exception for negligence).
Homeowners' Protection Act of 2008 - Amends the federal bankruptcy code to eliminate the pre-petition credit counseling requirement for a debtor under chapter 13 (Adjustment of Debts of an Individual with Regular Income) who is facing foreclosure, if the debtor submits to the court a certification that the debtor has received notice that the holder of a claim secured by the debtor's principal residence may commence foreclosure.

Allows modification of the rights of claim holders, in the event of a foreclosure notice for a chapter 13 debtor, among other means by: (1) reducing a claim to equal the value of the debtor's interest in the residence securing such claim, and any adjustments to a related adjustable rate of interest; (2) waiving early repayment or prepayment penalties; and (3) extending the repayment period.

Denies debtor liability for certain fees and charges incurred while the bankruptcy case is pending and arising from a debt secured by the debtor's principal residence, unless the claim holder observes specified requirements.

Adds to conditions for court confirmation of a plan in bankruptcy that: (1) the holder of a claim secured by the debtor's principal residence retain the lien securing the claim until the later of the payment of such claim as reduced and modified or the discharge of a debtor from all debts; and (2) the plan modifies the claim in good faith.

Excludes from final discharge of a debtor from all debts: (1) any payments to claim holders whose rights are modified under this Act; and (2) any unpaid portion of a claim as reduced.
Consumer Privacy Protection Act of 2003 - Requires data collection organizations, under specified conditions, to notify consumers: (1) at the time of collection that their personally identifiable information may be used for an unrelated transaction purpose; and (2) of any material change in the organization's privacy policy statement immediately after each change.

Requires such organizations to establish a privacy policy with respect to the collection, sale, disclosure for consideration, or use of the consumer's information.

Requires an organization to provide consumers, without charge, the opportunity to preclude the sale or disclosure of their information to any organization that is not an information-sharing partner. Prescribes requirements for opportunities an organization may give consumers to limit other information practices of the organization.

Directs an organization to prepare and implement an information security policy that prevents the unauthorized disclosure or release of a consumer's information.

Requires the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to presume that an organization is in compliance with this Act if it participates in an approved five-year self-regulatory program. Prescribes requirements for a self-regulatory consumer dispute resolution process.

Directs the FTC to: (1) facilitate electronic and promote the use of common identity theft affidavits; (2) require the timely resolution of identity theft disputes; (3) utilize the Identity Theft Clearinghouse to transmit information to appropriate entities for protective action and to mitigate losses; and (4) provide change of address protection for consumers.

Requires: (1) the Comptroller General to analyze the impact on U.S. interstate and foreign commerce of information privacy laws, regulations, or agreements enacted, promulgated, or adopted by other nations, and whether the enforcement mechanisms or procedures of them result in discriminatory treatment of U.S. entities; and (2) the Secretary of Commerce, based on such results, to take steps to mitigate against such discriminatory impact.

Directs the Secretary to seek harmonization of this Act with other international privacy laws, regulations, and agreements for the advancement of transnational and electronic commerce.
Paleontological Resources Preservation Act - (Sec. 3) Directs the the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture, as appropriate, to: (1) manage and protect paleontological resources on federal land, using scientific principles and expertise; and (2) develop plans for inventorying, monitoring, and deriving the scientific and educational use of such resources.

(Sec. 4) Directs the Secretary to establish a program to increase public awareness about such resources.

(Sec. 5) Prohibits a person from collecting a paleontological resource from federal land without a permit issued under this Act. Authorizes the Secretary to allow casual collecting of a reasonable amount of common invertebrate and plant paleontological resources for non-commercial personal uses without a permit on certain federal lands. Recognizes as valid permits issued before enactment of this Act. Sets forth criteria by which the Secretary may issue permits for paleontological resources. Requires that any paleontological resource and associated records collected under a permit be deposited in an approved repository. Allows the Secretary to modify, suspend, or revoke a permit under specified circumstances, including if there is a violation of a term or a condition of a permit. Declares that a permit shall be revoked if any person working under the authority of the permit is convicted of a criminal offense under this Act or assessed a civil penalty under this Act.

(Sec. 6) States that the Secretary may enter into agreements with non-federal repositories regarding the curation of paleontological resources, data, and records.

(Sec. 7) Prohibits: (1) evacuating, removing, or altering a paleontological resource located on federal lands, except in accordance with this Act; (2) exchanging or receiving a paleontological resource, or selling or purchasing a paleontological resource, if the person knew or should have known such resource was illegally removed from federal lands; or (3) making or submitting false records, accounts, or identification of any paleontological resource excavated or removed from federal lands. Imposes criminal penalties for violating this Act.

(Sec. 8) Sets forth requirements for the assessment of civil penalties by the Secretary for violations of any prohibitions contained in regulations or permits issued under this Act. Requires any recovered amounts to be available for use: (1) to protect or restore paleontological resources and sites which were the subject of the action, or to acquire sites with equivalent resources, and to protect, monitor, and study the resources and sites; (2) to provide educational materials to the public about paleontological resources and sites; and (3) as a reward.

(Sec. 9) Allows the Secretary to pay a reward from penalties collected under this Act to any person who furnishes information leading to the finding of a civil violation, or the conviction of criminal violation, with respect to which the penalty was paid. Subjects to civil or, as appropriate, criminal forfeiture all paleontological resources with respect to which a violation occurred and all vehicles and equipment that were used in connection with the violation. Allows the Secretary to transfer administration of seized paleontological resources to educational institutions for scientific or educational purposes.

(Sec. 10) Requires that information on the nature and specific location of a paleontological resource that requires a permit under this Act or other federal law be withheld from the public, including under the Freedom of Information Act, except under specified conditions.

(Sec. 11) Directs the Secretary to issue such regulations as are appropriate to carry out this Act.

(Sec. 13) Authorizes appropriations.
Increasing Transparency and Accountability in Oil Prices Act of 2008 - Expresses the sense of the House of Representatives that the President should immediately send to Congress a request for emergency appropriations for FY2008 for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) in an amount sufficient to: (1) help restore public confidence in energy commodities markets and federal oversight of those markets; (2) potentially impose limits on excessive speculation that is increasing the price of oil, gasoline, diesel, and other energy commodities; (3) significantly improve the information technology capabilities of the CFTC to help it effectively regulate the energy futures markets; and (4) fund at least 100 new full-time positions at the CFTC to oversee energy commodity market speculation and to enforce the Commodity Exchange Act.

Amends the Commodity Exchange Act to: (1) provide for additional employees for improved enforcement; and (2) establish an independent Office of the Inspector General in the CFTC.

Direct the Comptroller General of the United States to study and report to Congress on the international regime for regulating the trading of energy commodity futures and derivatives.

Amends the Commodity Exchange Act to address the kind of case in which the CFTC grants or considers granting relief to a foreign board of trade from the requirement that it become a designated contract market, derivatives transaction execution facility, or other registered entity with respect to an energy commodity for which the primary physical delivery point is located within the United States. Requires the CFTC, before granting or considering such relief, to determine that the foreign board of trade: (1) applies comparable principles or requirements regarding the daily publication of trading information and position limits or accountability levels for speculators as apply to a designated contract market, derivatives transaction execution facility, or other registered entity trading energy commodities physically delivered in the United States; and (2) provides such information to the Commission regarding the extent of speculative and nonspeculative trading in the energy commodity that is comparable to the information the Commission determines necessary to publish a Commitment of Traders report for such a designated contract market, derivatives transaction execution facility, or other registered entity.

Authorizes the CFTC, in the case of a registered entity located within the United States, subject to CFTC jurisdiction, which trades on a foreign board of trade, exchange, or market located outside the United States, to: (1) apply and enforce provisions concerned with violations, including provisions related to manipulation or attempted manipulation, the making of false statements, and willful violations of this Act; (2) require or direct the person to limit, reduce, or liquidate any position to prevent or reduce the threat of price manipulation, excessive speculation, price distortion, or disruption of delivery or the cash settlement process; and (3) apply necessary recordkeeping requirements.

Directs the CFTC to: (1) routinely require detailed reporting from index traders and swap dealers in markets under CFTC jurisdiction; (2) reclassify the types of traders for regulatory and reporting purposes to distinguish between index traders and swaps dealers; and (3) review the trading practices for index traders in markets under CFTC jurisdiction to ensure that index trading is not adversely impacting the price discovery process, and to determine whether different practices or regulations should be implemented.

Requires the CFTC to disaggregate and make public monthly: (1) the number of positions and total value of index funds and other passive, long-only positions in energy markets; and (2) data on speculative positions relative to bona fide physical hedgers in those markets.
Capital Budgeting Act of 1993 - Amends Federal law to require that the budget the President submits to the Congress be a unified budget comprising an operating budget and a capital budget, each presented separately for unified, general, trust, and enterprise funds. Restricts the capital budget to the major activities and programs supporting the acquisition, construction, alteration, and rehabilitation of capital assets and includes all other items in the operating budget.  Requires the President to present certain additional information, including the capital investments by State and local governments not financed by the Federal Government. 
Requires the House Committee on the Budget to submit legislation to establish additional deficit targets under the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act) beginning in FY 1995 which would require the eventual elimination of deficits in the operating account. 
Requires the House Committee on Government Operations to report legislation directing the Comptroller General to evaluate the value and usefulness:  (1) of capital investments in the capital account on an annual basis; and (2) of proposed capital investments submitted to the House after enactment of this Act. 
Requires the House Committee on Rules to report legislation establishing rules to facilitate the enforcement of amendments made by this Act. 
Amends the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 to require reports to specified congressional committees on the actual, estimated, and proposed appropriations, receipts, and expenditures for capital and operating activities associated with certain transportation, water, and public buildings projects.
.   Albuquerque Indian School Land Transfer Act  (Sec. 3) Directs the Department of the Interior to take into trust 4 tracts of federal land in New Mexico, the combined acreage of which is approximately 11.11 acres, that were historically part of the Albuquerque Indian School for the benefit of 19 specified pueblos immediately after the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 have been satisfied regarding the trust acquisition of such federal land.  Requires the federal lands taken into trust to:  be used for the educational, health, cultural, business, and economic development of the 19 pueblos; and remain subject to any private or municipal encumbrance, right-of-way, restriction, easement of record, or utility service agreement in effect on this Act's enactment date.   Requires the 19 pueblos to allow the Bureau of Indian Affairs to continue to use the federal lands taken into trust for the facilities and purposes in existence on this Act's enactment date.  (Sec. 4) Prohibits gaming on the federal lands taken into trust under this Act.
Theodore Roosevelt Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue not more than 50,000 $5 coins and 500,000 $1 coins emblematic of the life and legacy of President Theodore Roosevelt. Requires the coins to be issued in 2006 to mark the 100th anniversary of Roosevelt receiving the Nobel Peace Prize. Requires surcharges from the sale of the coins to be paid to the Theodore Roosevelt Association to be used exclusively for educational programs at Sagamore Hill National Historic Site, including for construction and maintenance of a visitor's center.
Nevada Test Site Veterans' Compensation Act of 2007 - Amends the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 to include within the definition of a "member of the Special Exposure Cohort" under the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program a Department of Energy (DOE) employee, contractor employee, or atomic weapons employee who was so employed at the Nevada Test Site or other similar sites located in Nevada during the period of January 1, 1950, to December 31, 1993, who contracted an occupational illness, basal cell carcinoma, or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, and who met one of other specified criteria during such employment.

Establishes deadlines for claims adjudication.
Directs the Secretary to establish a program, using funds from a Federal Land Disposal Account of the Treasury established by this Act, to complete appraisals and satisfy other legal requirements for the sale or exchange of public land identified for disposal under approved land use plans. Sets forth reporting and program termination requirements. Requires that gross proceeds generated by the sale or exchange of public land under this Act be deposited in the Federal Land Disposal Account. Sets forth provisions regarding use of the Account, contaminated sites and sites difficult and uneconomic to manage, and program termination.
Clean Vehicle Corridors Act   Requires the Department of Transportation (DOT) to:    designate at least five Clean Vehicle Corridors along federal highways, interstates, or other contiguous highways after consulting with specified agencies; and   encourage the addition of cleaner alternative fuel options and other supporting infrastructure along the corridors and the inclusion of existing and private facilities in the corridor.  Defines &quot;cleaner alternative fuels&quot; to include:    compressed natural gas,   liquefied natural gas,   liquefied petroleum gas (also known as propane),  plug-in electric,   advanced biofuels, and   hydrogen.  Authorizes DOT to provide waivers of statutory restrictions for cleaner alternative fuel projects and vehicles along Clean Vehicle Corridors. Requires DOT to:   maintain a publicly accessible website containing information and resources for corridors;  identify best practices and case studies of communities and complementary programs that have successfully promoted cleaner alternative fuel use in consultation with federal agencies, tribes, states, and Clean Cities;  identify existing technical and financial mechanisms available to promote the development of cleaner alternative fuel infrastructure; and   collaborate with the Department of Energy (DOE) and all relevant Clean Vehicle Corridor stakeholders to collect data on cleaner alternative fueling station usage patterns.   Authorizes:   two or more contiguous states to enter into an interstate compact to establish Clean Vehicle Corridor partnerships to facilitate planning for and siting of necessary facilities within those states; and   DOT, in consultation with DOE, the Department of Commerce, the Department of the Interior, and the Environmental Protection Agency, to provide technical assistance to interstate compact partnerships.  
Clean Diamond Trade Act - Directs the President to prohibit the importation into, or exportation from, the United States of any rough diamond, from whatever source, that has not been controlled through the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme (KPCS). Prescribes criteria for waiver of such prohibition. Directs the President to require the appropriate Government agency to conduct annual reviews of the standards, practices, and procedures of any entity in the United States that issues Kimberley Process Certificates for the exportation from the United States of rough diamonds to determine whether they accord with the KPCS.Makes the importing authority under this Act the U.S. Bureau of Customs and Border Protection (BCBP) and the exporting authority the Bureau of the Census. Declares that the Congress supports the trade policy that the President take appropriate steps to promote and facilitate the adoption of the KPCS by the international community. Sets forth civil and criminal penalties for violation of this Act. Authorizes the President to direct the appropriate Federal agencies to make available technical assistance, relating to compliance with U.S. trade laws, to countries seeking to implement the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme. Urges the President to work with Participants to strengthen the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme through the adoption of measures for: (1) sharing statistics on rough diamonds production and trade; and (2) monitoring the effectiveness of the KPCS in stemming trade in diamonds whose importation or exportation is not controlled through the KPCS. Urges the executive branch continue to: (1) keep and publish statistics on imports and exports of rough diamonds; (2) make them available for analysis by interested parties and by Participants; and (3) take a leadership role in negotiating a standardized methodology among Participants for reporting such statistics.
.  Children of Fallen Heroes Scholarship Act (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to eliminate the expected family contribution (EFC) used to determine financial need in the case of a Pell Grant-eligible student whose parent or guardian died in the line of duty as a police officer, firefighter, or other public safety officer. Such student is eligible to receive an automatic zero EFC and qualify for the maximum Pell Grant award if the student was less than 24 years old or enrolled at an institution of higher education at the time of the parent or guardian's death. (Sec. 4) It specifies procedures for determining the budgetary effects of this bill for compliance with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go (PAYGO) Act of 2010.
Hydrographic Services Improvement Act Amendments of 2008 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998 to revise the definitions of: (1) "hydrographic data" to include lidar, radar, remote sensing, shoreline and other ocean- and coastal-related surveying, and water level observations; and (2) "hydrographic services" to include references to shoreline and water level information.

(Sec. 3) Requires the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to promote safe, efficient, and environmentally sound marine transportation and to acquire and disseminate hydrographic data and provide hydrographic services.

Revises the Administrator's authorities concerning the acquisition of hydrographic data and provision of hydrographic servicesincluding to permit: (1) support for the conservation and management of coastal and ocean resources; (2) saving and protecting life and property and supporting the resumption of commerce in response to emergencies, natural and man-made disasters, and homeland security and maritime domain awareness needs; and (3) the creation and maintenance of joint centers with other federal agencies.

(Sec. 4) Modifies membership provisions regarding the Hydrographic Services Review Panel.

(Sec. 5) Authorizations appropriations: (1) through FY2012 for specified hydrographic services; and (2) to acquire a replacement hydrographic survey vessel capable of staying at sea continuously for at least 30 days.

(Sec. 6) Amends the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 to increase by 58 the number authorized commissioned officers on the NOAA lineal list if: (1) the Secretary of Commerce has submitted to Congress plans for ship recapitalization, aircraft remodernization, and supporting workforce management plans; (2) appropriated funding is available; and (3) the Secretary has justified organizational needs.
Fairness to Pet Owners Act of 2014 - Directs the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to require prescribers of animal drugs to verify prescriptions and provide copies of prescriptions to pet owners, pet owner designees, and pharmacies, without the prescriber demanding payment or establishing other conditions.  Treats a violation of this Act as an unfair or deceptive act or practice under the Federal Trade Commission Act.
Affordable College Textbook Act - Directs the Secretary of Education to make competitive grants to institutions of higher education (IHEs) to support pilot programs that expand the use of open textbooks in order to achieve savings for students. Requires the grants to be used for:    professional development for IHE faculty and staff, including the search for and review of open textbooks;   the creation or adaptation of open educational resources, especially open textbooks;   the development or improvement of tools and informational resources that support the use of open textbooks;   research evaluating the efficacy of using open textbooks to achieve savings for students; and   partnerships with other entities to carry out the preceding activities.  Requires the full and complete digital content of the educational resources created or adopted using such grant funds to be made available free of charge to the public: (1) on an easily accessible and interoperable website; and (2) in a machine readable, digital format that anyone can directly download, edit, and redistribute. Directs the Secretary to give special consideration to grant applicants that demonstrate the greatest potential to:    achieve the highest level of savings for students;  expand the use of open textbooks at other IHEs; and   produce open textbooks that are of the highest quality, that can be most easily utilized and adapted by faculty members, that correspond to the highest enrollment courses, and that are created or adopted in partnership with entities that will assist in their marketing and distribution.  Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to include any educational material developed to accompany a college textbook as supplemental material that is subject to college textbook information disclosure requirements. Expresses the sense of Congress that IHEs should encourage the consideration of open textbooks by faculty within the generally accepted principles of academic freedom that establish the right and responsibility of faculty members to select the most appropriate course materials for their classes.
Kendell Frederick Citizenship Assistance Act - (Sec. 2) Directs the Secretary of Homeland Security (Secretary) to use the fingerprints provided by an individual at the time of military enlistment or at the time of applying for (immigration) status adjustment to satisfy any naturalization background or security requirements if: (1) the individual may be naturalized under the Immigration and Nationality Act, was fingerprinted in accordance with Department of Defense (DOD) requirements, and submits a naturalization application within 24 months of enlistment or provides the required biometric information at the time of application for status adjustment if filed within 24 months after enlistment; and (2) the Secretary determines that the biometric information provided, including fingerprints, is sufficient to conduct the naturalization background and security checks.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) determine the format for biometric information, including fingerprints; (2) implement procedures for electronic transmission of biometric information that will safeguard privacy and civil liberties; and (3) provide for centralization of naturalization applications of active duty personnel serving abroad and such applications' expedited processing.

(Sec. 3) Directs the Secretary to update the appropriate Internet websites to reflect naturalization law changes.

Expresses the sense of Congress that the Secretary should make necessary updates to Department of Homeland Security (DHS) application forms.

(Sec. 4) Directs the Secretary to report to the appropriate congressional committees with respect to the adjudication of military service-related naturalization applications.

Directs the Comptroller General to conduct a study and report to the appropriate congressional committees with respect to implementation of this Act by the Secretaries of Homeland Security and Defense.
Wounded Warrior Workforce Enhancement Act This bill directs the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to award grants to eligible institutions to: (1) establish a master's degree program in orthotics and prosthetics, or (2) expand upon an existing master's degree program in such area. The VA shall give grant priority to institutions that have entered into a partnership with a medical center administered by the VA or a facility administered by the Department of Defense. An &quot;eligible institution&quot; is an educational institution that is either accredited by the National Commission on Orthotic and Prosthetic Education or that demonstrates an ability to meet such accreditation requirements if it receives a grant. The bill requires the VA to award a grant to an institution with orthotic and prosthetic research and education experience to: (1) establish the Center of Excellence in Orthotic and Prosthetic Education; and (2) improve orthotic and prosthetic outcomes for veterans, members of the Armed Forces, and civilians by conducting orthotic and prosthetic research.
Railroad Antitrust Enforcement Act of 2009 - Amends the Clayton Act to remove an exemption from coverage under the federal antitrust laws with respect to mergers and acquisitions involving rail carriers. Removes from the Surface Transportation Board (STB) the authority to enforce federal antitrust laws with respect to rail carriers (thus vesting such authority in the federal antitrust agencies). Removes: (1) the prohibition against a private party seeking injunctive relief against a rail carrier for a violation of the antitrust laws; and (2) the rail carrier exemption from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) prohibition against unfair methods of competition.

 Amends federal transportation law to terminate the exemptions from antitrust laws for rail carriers, including mergers and acquisitions and ratemaking agreements. Requires the STB, when reviewing a proposed rate agreement, to take into account its impact upon shippers, consumers, and affected communities, and to make findings regarding such impact, which shall be made part of the administrative record.

Makes federal antitrust laws applicable to rail carriers regardless of whether the carrier filed a rail carrier rate or whether a complaint challenging a rate is filed. Provides that, in any civil action against a rail carrier, the U.S. district court shall retain the discretion to defer to the jurisdiction of the STB.

Sets forth an effective date for this Act as the date of enactment, but provides a 180-day grace period for conduct that was exempted under the antitrust laws before such date of enactment.
Routine HIV Screening Coverage Act of 2009 - Amends the Public Health Service Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), and the Internal Revenue Code to require a group health plan to provide coverage for routine HIV screening under terms and conditions no less favorable than for other routine screenings. Prohibits such a plan from taking specified actions to avoid the requirements of this Act.

Applies such requirements to health insurance coverage offered in the individual market and coverage offered under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program (FEHBP).
Authorizes appropriations for FY 2001 through 2003.
Provides for the pilot project established under this Act to continue for a three-year period, if specified appropriations are provided. Requires the Comptroller General to report to Congress on such project's effectiveness and on whether it should be authorized permanently.
Medicare Prescription Drug Savings Act of 2003 - Amends part D (Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act, as added by the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, for each year beginning with 2006, to: (1) offer a Medicare operated prescription drug plan nationally that only offers standard prescription drug coverage and access to negotiated prices, but not any supplemental prescription drug coverage; and (2) enter into negotiations with pharmaceutical manufacturers to reduce the purchase cost of covered Medicare part D drugs for eligible part D individuals, and encourage use of more affordable therapeutic equivalents. Requires the monthly beneficiary premium charged under such a plan to be uniform nationally and determined by the Secretary.
State Marihuana And Regulatory Tolerance Enforcement Act This bill amends the Controlled Substances Act to prohibit federal enforcement of marijuana offenses in a state that: (1) requests a waiver from the Department of Justice (DOJ) certifying that it legalized marijuana; (2) certifies that it has or will have a regulatory scheme sufficient to protect federal interests (e.g., preventing marijuana distribution to minors); and (3) agrees to study and report on certain outcomes. DOJ may revoke the waiver of a state that fails to meets the conditions. &nbsp; 
Education Improvement Tax Cut Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow: (1) a tax credit up to $3,000 per year for contributions to a school tuition organization which distributes at least 90 percent of its annual gross income for elementary and secondary school scholarships; and (2) a tax credit up to $3,000 per year for contributions to a school materials organization which distributes at least 90 percent of its annual gross income to elementary and secondary schools for instructional materials and equipment and for materials and equipment for extracurricular activities.
Tax Credit for Charitable Contributions Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a taxpayer to elect a credit (in lieu of a deduction otherwise available) of up to $100 ($200 for joint filers) for cash contributions to a qualifying charity whose primary activity is assistance to the poor.
Federal Reserve Audit and Accountability Act - Amends the Federal Reserve Act to declare that the president and first vice-president of each Federal reserve bank shall be appointed by the President, with the consent of the Senate.  (Currently such appointment authority is exercised by each Federal reserve bank's board of directors.) 
Amends Federal law to remove specified limitations placed upon General Accounting Office audits of the Federal Reserve Board and Federal reserve banks.  Directs the Comptroller General to audit at least triennially the vault facilities of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Board). 
Requires the Board and all Federal reserve banks to transmit their estimated receipts and proposed expenditures to the Congress during the first 15 days of each regular session. 
Mandates prompt public disclosure of Federal Open Market Committee meetings and actions, including policy actions and prior transcripts. 
Amends the Inspector General Act of 1978 to establish for the Board an Office of the Inspector General, with the Inspector General appointed by the President, subject to Senate advice and consent. Permits the Chairman of the Board to delegate authority for general supervision of the Inspector General to the Vice Chairman, but to no one else.  Declares that the Inspector General's authority extends to the conditions, operations, and all facilities of the Federal reserve banks.
Assault Weapons Ban and Law Enforcement Protection Act of 2003 - Amends Federal firearms provisions to revise the definition of "semiautomatic assault weapon" (SAW) to include conversion kits (for converting a firearm to a SAW) and any semiautomatic rifle or pistol that has an ability to accept a detachable magazine and that has any one of the following characteristics, respectively: (1) a folding or telescoping stock, a threaded barrel, a pistol grip, a forward grip, or a barrel shroud; or (2) a second pistol grip, a threaded barrel, a barrel shroud, or the capacity to accept a detachable magazine at a location outside of the pistol grip.

Amends: (1) the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to reauthorize the assault weapons ban and add new restrictions; and (2) the Public Safety and Recreational Firearms Use Protection Act to repeal the sunset provision regarding restrictions on large capacity ammunition feeding devices (LCAFDs) and on specified SAWs.

 Modifies the exemptions from the Brady Act's prohibition against manufacturing, transferring, or possessing a semiautomatic assault weapon to exclude: (1) specified firearms, or replicas or duplicates, as manufactured on October 1, 1993; (2) any semiautomatic rifle that cannot accept a detachable magazine that holds more than five rounds; and (3) any semiautomatic shotgun that cannot hold more than five rounds in a fixed or detachable magazine.

Prohibits the transfer of a SAW except through a licensed dealer or a State or local law enforcement agency, subject to specified requirements. Directs the Attorney General to: (1) establish and maintain a record of the make, model, and date of manufacture of any SAW which the Attorney General is made aware has been used in relation to a crime, and of the nature and circumstances of the crime involved; and (2) annually submit the record to Congress and make the record available to the public.

Prohibits: (1) the transfer of any assault weapon with an LCAFD; and (2) a licensed manufacturer, importer, or dealer who transfers an LCAFD that was manufactured on or before September 13, 1994, from failing to certify to the Attorney General, within 60 days of the transfer date, that the device was manufactured on or before that date. Sets penalties for violations.

Prohibits: (1) the transfer of a SAW or an LCAFD to a juvenile; and (2) the importation of an LCAFD.
Maximize Offshore Resource Exploration Act of 2008 or the MORE Act of 2008 - Declares without force or effect all federal prohibitions against the expenditure of appropriated funds to conduct natural gas leasing and preleasing activities for any area of the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS).

Revokes all withdrawals of federal submerged lands from leasing for oil and natural gas exploration and production.

Amends the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from granting an oil or natural gas lease for any OCS located within 25 miles of a state coastline unless the state has enacted a law approving the issuance of such leases by the Sectretary.

Sets forth an allocation schedule for a 75% state share of revenues derived from U.S. royalties under qualified oil and gas leases on submerged lands located within the seaward boundaries of a state.

Extends the jurisdiction of state civil and criminal law, as appropriate, to the Alaska, Pacific, Gulf of Mexico, and Atlantic OCS Region State Adjacent Zones and OCS Planning Areas.

Establishes a separate account in the Treasury to be known as the Renewable Energy Reserve, consisting of 12.5% of revenues derived from U.S. royalties under such oil and gas leases.

Makes the Reserve available to offset the cost of subsequently enacted legislation to: (1) accelerate the use of cleaner domestic energy resources and alternative fuels; (2) promote the utilization of energy-efficient products and practices; and (3) increase research, development, and deployment of clean renewable energy and efficiency technologies and job training programs for those purposes.
Social Security Expansion Act  Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) of the Social Security Act to:  increase the primary insurance amount for all eligible beneficiaries, beginning in 2021; revise computation of cost-of-living adjustments to use the Consumer Price Index for Elderly Consumers; increase the special minimum primary insurance amount for lifetime low earners based on years in the workforce.  Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) apply employment and self-employment taxes to remuneration up to the contribution and benefit base and to remuneration in excess of $250,000; and (2) increase the tax on investment gain from 3.8% to 10% of the lesser of net investment income for such taxable year or the excess (if any) of the modified adjusted gross income for such taxable year, over the threshold amount, with 62% of such tax allocated to the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and 9% allocated to the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund.
.  National Forest System Vegetation Management Pilot Program Act of 2017 (Sec. 2) This bill directs the Department of Agriculture (USDA) to conduct a limited, voluntary pilot program to permit vegetation management projects on National Forest System (NFS) land adjacent to rights-of-way to better protect utility infrastructure from potential passing wildfires.  Program participants must have a right-of-way on NFS land. USDA shall give priority to holders of a right-of-way who have worked with Forest Service fire scientists and used technologies, such as light detection and ranging surveys, to improve utility infrastructure protection prescriptions.  Vegetation management projects will involve limited and selective vegetation management activities, which:  shall create the least amount of disturbance necessary to protect utility infrastructure from passing wildfires; may include thinning, fuel reduction, and creation and treatment of shaded fuel breaks; must only take place adjacent to the participant's right-of-way or within 75 feet of it; must not take place in any designated wilderness area, wilderness study area, or inventoried roadless area; and  shall be subject to approval by the Forest Service.   Participants shall not be held liable to the federal government for damage that was proximately caused by activities conducted pursuant to an approved vegetation management project, unless:  such activities were carried out in a manner that was grossly negligent or that was in violation of criminal law, or  the damage was caused by the participant's failure to comply with the specific safety requirements imposed by the Forest Service as a condition of participation in the pilot program.   In order to implement the pilot program in an efficient and expeditious manner, USDA may waive or modify specific provisions of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, including to allow for the development of contracts or agreements on a noncompetitive basis.  USDA may:   retain any funds provided to the Forest Service by participants in the pilot program, and  use such funds to conduct such program.   The bill states that the authority to conduct the pilot program and any vegetation management projects under such program will expire on December 21, 2027. 
Permits funds appropriated pursuant to this Act to be made available to fund 65 percent of costs incurred for planning, design, and environmental compliance activities by the District or by local agencies in accordance with agreements with the Secretary, under which the District or local agency is required to pay the non-Federal share of construction costs and which governs the funding of planning, design, and compliance activities costs.
Authorizes specified expenditures within existing budget authority to carry out this Act.
Federal Employee Protection of Disclosures Act - (Sec. 2) Includes as a protected disclosure by a federal employee any lawful disclosure an employee or applicant for employment reasonably believes is credible evidence of waste, abuse, gross mismanagement, or substantial and specific danger to public health or safety without restriction as to time, place, form, motive, context, or prior disclosure. (Sec. 3) Defines the term "disclosure" to mean a formal or informal communication, but does not include a communication concerning policy decisions that lawfully exercise discretionary authority unless the employee providing the disclosure reasonably believes that the disclosure evidences: (1) any violation of any law, rule, or regulation; or (2) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety. (Sec. 4) Codifies the legal standard for determining whether a whistleblower has a reasonable belief that a disclosure evidences governmental waste, fraud, or abuse, or a violation of law. (Sec. 5) Includes under the definition of "personnel action" the implementation or enforcement of any nondisclosure policy, form, or agreement. Prohibits taking the following actions against whistleblowers making protected disclosures: (1) the implementation or enforcement of any nondisclosure policy, form, or agreement; and (2) an investigation (other than routine nondiscretionary agency investigations) of an employee or applicant. (Sec. 6) Authorizes the President to exclude certain agencies engaged in the conduct of foreign intelligence or counterintelligence activities from whistleblower protections if such exclusion is made prior to any personnel action against the whistleblower. (Sec. 7) Expands the authority of the Merit Systems Protection Board to impose disciplinary action for prohibited personnel practices. (Sec. 8) Requires a Government Accountability Office (GAO) study on security clearances revocations taking effect after 1996 with respect to personnel that filed claims in connection with such security clearance revocations. (Sec. 9) Permits an employee, former employee, or applicant to bring an action against the United States at law or equity for de novo review as an alternative recourse in seeking corrective action with respect to a prohibited personnel practice. (Sec. 10) Amends the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 to modify remedy and enforcement authority under provisions relating to the protection of contractor employees from reprisal for disclosure of certain information, including by permitting such an employee who has been subjected to a reprisal prohibited by such provisions to bring an action at law or equity for de novo review in order to seek compensatory damages and other relief available under those provisions. Makes an identical amendment with respect to federal military law relating to the protection of military contractor employees from reprisal for disclosure of certain information. (Sec. 11) Makes certain prohibited personnel practices provisions applicable to the Transportation Security Administration (TSA).
Mercury in Dental Fillings Disclosure and Prohibition Act - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to deem adulterated (hence prohibited), effective January 1, 2009, any amalgam containing mercury intended for use in a dental filling.

Provides for a transition period, during which such a device may be manufactured and sold if it bears a specified warning label, until this Act becomes effective.
Keep Our Promise to America's Military Retirees Act - Directs the Secretary of Defense to enter into an agreement with the Office of Personnel Management to provide Federal Employees Health Benefits (FEHB) coverage to the following eligible beneficiaries: (1) a member or former member of the Armed Forces entitled to military retired or retainer pay; (2) an unremarried former spouse who was married to a member for at least 20 years, during which such member performed at least 20 years of retirement-creditable military service; (3) a dependent of a deceased qualifying member or former member; (4) a dependent of a living member or former member; and (5) a family member.

Directs the Secretary to reimburse such eligible persons for pharmacy benefits received from a pharmacy that is not a TRICARE (Department of Defense managed health care plan) network pharmacy in the same manner as the Secretary would reimburse such person for such benefits received from a TRICARE network pharmacy. Requires such persons, in order to receive such reimbursement, to submit a certification from their physician stating that the person does not have access to a TRICARE network pharmacy due to physical or medical constraints.

Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to waive the monthly part B premium (Supplementary Medical Insurance Benefits for the Aged and Disabled) with respect to: (1) an individual who is entitled to military retired or retainer pay based upon service that began before December 7, 1956; and (2) the spouse, widow, or widower of such individuals.
National Language Act of 2007 - Makes English the official language of the U.S. government. Requires the government to: (1) conduct its official business in English, including publications, income tax forms, and informational materials; and (2) preserve and enhance the role of English as the official language of the United States of America. Provides that no person has a right, entitlement, or claim to have the government act, communicate, perform, or provide services or materials in any other language, unless specifically stated in applicable law.

Provides that this Act shall not apply to the use of a language other than English for religious purposes, for training in foreign languages for international communication, or in school programs designed to encourage students to learn foreign languages. States that this does not prevent the U.S. government from providing interpreters for persons over age 62. Repeals provisions of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 regarding bilingual election requirements and regarding congressional findings of voting discrimination against language minorities, prohibition of English-only elections, and other remedial measures. Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to require that all public ceremonies in which the oath of allegiance is administered pursuant to such Act be conducted solely in English. Specifies that this Act shall not preempt any state law.
Historic Homeownership Assistance Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a tax credit for 20 percent of the qualified rehabilitation expenditures made by a taxpayer with respect to a certified historic structure which has been substantially rehabilitated and which is owned by the taxpayer and used as his or her principal residence.  Allows the credit for such expenditures to be taken by a purchaser of the rehabilitated home.  Permits, in lieu of the credit, a historic rehabilitation mortgage credit certificate, which shall be transferred to a lender in exchange for a reduction in the rate of interest on the loan secured by the building.
Cuban Military Transparency Act This bill prohibits a U.S. person from engaging in any financial transaction with or transfer of funds to:   the Ministry of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Cuba or the Ministry of the Interior of Cuba (or any of their subdivisions);   a senior member of such Ministries; any agency, instrumentality, or other entity that is more than 25% owned, or that is operated or controlled by, such a Ministry; or  any individual or entity for the purpose of avoiding a prohibited financial transaction or transfer of funds that is for the benefit of that individual or entity.  Such prohibitions shall not apply to:   the sale to Cuba of agricultural commodities, medicines, and medical devices; a remittance to an immediate family member; or  assistance in furtherance of democracy-building efforts for Cuba.   A person that violates or attempts to violate such prohibitions shall be subject to specified penalties under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act. The Department of State rewards program under the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 shall include rewards for information leading to the arrest or conviction in any country of any individual responsible for or aiding in the February 1996 attack on the aircraft of U.S. persons in international waters by the Cuban military. The Attorney General shall seek to coordinate with the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL) to pursue the location and arrest of U.S. fugitives in Cuba, including current and former members of the Cuban military. 
Capital Gains Tax Simplification Act of 1998 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide that, if for any taxable year a non-corporate taxpayer has a net capital gain, 38 percent of such gain shall be a deduction from gross income regardless of whether or not the taxpayer itemizes other deductions.  Makes such deduction inapplicable to the alternative minimum tax.  Revises provisions concerning the maximum and the regular tax on net capital gain for purposes of the alternative minimum tax. 
Repeals the tax preference for exclusion for gains on the sale of certain small business stock. 
Treats, as a general rule, any gain or loss from the sale or exchange of a collectible as a short-term gain or loss without regard to the period the asset was held. 
Amends the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, with respect to maximum capital gains rates for individuals, to repeal the allowance of an election to recognize gain on assets held on January 1, 2001.
Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Egg Products Inspection Act, the Federal Meat Inspection Act and the Poultry Products Inspection Act to deem food, eggs, egg products, meat, meat products, and poultry products adulterated if they are produced, or are from poultry or livestock that consumed feed produced, on land on which sewage sludge was applied unless certain requirements are met. Prohibits labeling such food as organic if sewage sludge was used to produce such food.
Infant Crib Safety Act - Amends the Federal Hazardous Substances Act to make it unlawful for any commercial user to manufacture, sell, or otherwise place in the stream of commerce any full-size or nonfull-size crib which was made before 1999, does not conform to the standards of this Act, or has any missing, loose, or broken components.

Makes it unlawful for any hotel, motel, or similar lodging facility to offer or provide such a crib.

Considers to be a banned hazardous product under the Consumer Product Safety Act any crib which does not conform to specified regulations in the Code of Federal Regulations and standards of the American Society for Testing Materials, unless labeled as not intended to be used for, and dangerous to, an infant.

Requires the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) to begin a rulemaking to include the requirements of the American Society for Testing Materials standards and to address any hazards due to crib and play yard durability.

Requires the CPSC to promulgate a consumer product safety rule to require that cribs manufactured and introduced into interstate commerce contain a label warning consumers against the use of soft bedding.

Includes in the definition of commercial user any person who manufactures or sells cribs or, by his or her occupation holds himself or herself out as having knowledge or skill peculiar to cribs, including child care facilities and family child care homes. Excludes from that definition an individual who sells a used crib at a one-time private sale.
Authorizes the President to present to Jesse L. Jackson, on behalf of the Congress, a gold medal in recognition of his outstanding and enduring contributions to the Nation. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Alaska Native Veterans Land Allotment Equity Act  (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA) to declare that any allotment application pending before the Department of the Interior on December 18, 1971, that was closed by Interior pursuant to the civil action Shields v. United States shall be reopened and considered to be approved. (Sec. 3) The bill revises the eligibility of Alaska Native Vietnam veterans for an allotment. Eligibility for allotments is extended to veterans who served between August 5, 1964, and May 7, 1975. Eligible persons may file for allotments of up to two parcels of federal land (as under current law) totaling up to 160 acres.  The bill eliminates the limitation of these allotments to lands that were vacant, unappropriated, and unreserved on the date when the person eligible for the allotment first used and occupied them.  Allotments may be selected from vacant federal lands or lands that have been selected by or conveyed to the state of Alaska or a Native corporation, if the state or corporation voluntarily relinquishes or conveys the land to the United States for allotment.  The lands excluded from allotment are revised to: (1) lands in the right-of-way of the TransAlaska Pipeline; (2) the inner or outer corridor of such a right-of-way; or (3) a unit of the National Park System, a National Preserve, or a National Monument.   The heir of a deceased eligible veteran, regardless of the cause of death, may apply for and receive an allotment. Persons who made an allotment selection under ANCSA and were not conveyed the allotment before enactment of this bill may reselect land.
Consumer Price Index for Elderly Consumers Act of 2009 - Directs the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor to prepare and publish a monthly Consumer Price Index for Elderly Consumers (CPIEC) that indicates changes over time in expenditures for consumption which are typical for individuals aged 62 years of age or older.

Amends titles II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) and XVIII (Medicare) to use such new CPIEC in the computation of cost-of-living increases for Social Security and Medicare benefits, replacing the CPI for All Urban Consumers (U.S. city average).
Cybersecurity Education Enhancement Act of 2008 - Directs the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Cybersecurity, to establish a program awarding competitive grants to institutions of higher education (IHEs) and consortia of IHEs for: (1) cybersecurity professional development programs; (2) associate degree programs in cybersecurity; and (3) the purchase of equipment to provide training in cybersecurity for professional development and degree programs.

Gives grant priority to consortia of IHEs and such consortia that include IHEs eligible to receive funds under title III (Institutional Aid) or V (Developing Institutions) of the Higher Education Act of 1965.

Authorizes FY2009-FY2010 appropriations for the grant program.

Amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Secretary to establish a DHS Cybersecurity Fellows program to bring state, local, tribal, and private sector officials to participate in the work of the National Cybersecurity Division in order to assist with Department of Homeland Security's stated cybersecurity missions and capabilities.

Urges the House of Representatives to designate a committee to serve as the single, principal point of cybersecurity oversight and review.
Remote Sensing Applications Act of 2005 - (Sec. 4) Directs the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to establish a program of grants for pilot projects to explore the integrated use of sources of remote sensing and other geospatial information to address State, local, regional, and tribal agency needs. Requires the Administrator, in awarding grants, to give preference to specified types of projects.

Requires the Administrator to seek opportunities to assist: (1) in the development of commercial applications potentially available from the remote sensing industry; and (2) State, local, regional, and tribal agencies in applying remote sensing and geospatial information technologies for growth management.

Limits the provision of assistance for a project to three years. Requires each grant recipient to: (1) report project results to the Administrator; and (2) conduct at least one workshop for potential users to disseminate the lessons learned from the project.

(Sec. 5) Requires the Administrator to establish an advisory committee to monitor the program. Instructs the advisory committee to consult with the Federal Geographic Data Committee and other industry representatives and organizations.

Requires the Administrator to transmit to Congress an independent evaluation of program effectiveness.

(Sec. 6) Directs the Administrator to ensure that project results are retrievable through an Internet-accessible database.

 (Sec. 7) Requires the Administrator to establish an educational outreach program to increase awareness at institutions of higher education and State, local, regional, and tribal agencies of the potential applications of remote sensing and geospatial information. (Sec. 8) Authorizes appropriations.
National Infrastructure Improvement Act of 2004 - Establishes the National Commission on the Infrastructure of the United States to ensure that U.S. infrastructure meets current and future demand and facilitates economic growth.

Requires the Commission to study the state of U.S. infrastructure, including such matters as: (1) the capacity of infrastructure improvements to sustain economic development; (2) the age and condition of public infrastructure; (3) the methods used to finance the construction, acquisition, rehabilitation, and maintenance of public works improvements; (4) investment requirements needed to maintain and to improve facilities and the projected share of investment requirements and expenditures on infrastructure facility improvements by Federal, State, and local governments; and (5) estimates of the return to the economy from public works investment.

Directs the Commission to develop recommendations regarding: (1) a Federal infrastructure plan that will detail national infrastructure program priorities; (2) public works improvements and methods of delivering and providing for public work facilities; (3) analysis or criteria and procedures that may be used by Federal agencies and State and local governments in inventorying existing and needed public works improvements, assessing the condition of improvements, and developing uniform criteria and procedures; and (4) proposed guidelines for the uniform reporting by Federal agencies of data regarding infrastructure improvements.
Recreational Fee Authority Act of 2004 - (Sec. 2) Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior, beginning on January 1, 2006, to establish, modify, charge, and collect fees for: (1) admission to a unit of the National Park System (NPS); and (2) the use of National Park Service administered areas, lands, sites, facilities, and services by individuals and/or groups.

 Requires fees to be based on an analysis of specified factors, including: (1) the benefits and services provided to the visitor; (2) the cumulative effect of fees; (3) the comparable fees charged elsewhere and by other public agencies and by nearby private sector operators; (4) the direct and indirect cost and benefit to the Government; (5) public policy or management objectives served; and (6) economic and administrative feasibility of fee collection.

 Directs the Secretary to establish the minimum number of fees and avoid the collection of multiple or layered fees. Requires: (1) the results of the analysis together with the Secretary's determination of appropriate fee levels to be transmitted to Congress at least three months prior to publication of such fees in the Federal Register; and (2) proposed new fees or changes to be published in the Federal Register and prohibits them from taking effect for 12 months after the date the notice is published.

Authorizes the Secretary to: (1) enter into agreements, beginning on January 1, 2006, with public or private entities to provide visitor reservation services and fee collection and/or processing services; (2) provide discounted or free admission days or use, modify the National Park Passport, and provide information to the public about various fee programs and program costs and benefits; and (3) enter into revenue sharing agreements with State agencies, effective January 1, 2006, to accept their annual passes for NPs units within the State.

(Sec. 3) Requires, without further appropriation, all receipts collected pursuant to this Act or from sales of the Passport to be retained by the Secretary and permits expenditure of such sums as follows: (1) 80 percent of amounts collected at a specific area, site, or project (area) shall remain available for use at the specific area, except for those NPS units that participate in an active revenue sharing agreement with a State (in which case not less than 90 percent of amounts collected at a specific area shall remain available for use); (2) the balance of the amounts collected shall remain available for use by the National Park Service on a Service-wide basis; (3) monies generated as a result of revenue sharing agreements may provide for a fee-sharing arrangement (with the Service shares of fees being distributed equally to all NPS units in the specific States that are parties to the agreement); and (4) not less than 50 percent of the amounts collected from the sale of the Passport shall remain available for use at the specific area at which the fees were collected and the balance of the receipts shall be distribution as specified.

(Sec. 4) Provides that amounts available for expenditure at a specific area shall be accounted for separately and may be used for: (1) repair, maintenance, facility enhancement, media services and infrastructure including projects and expenses relating to visitor enjoyment, visitor access, environmental compliance, and health and safety; (2) interpretation, visitor information, visitor service, visitor needs assessments, monitoring, and signs; (3) habitat enhancement, resource assessment, preservation, protection, and restoration related to recreation use; and (4) law enforcement relating to public use and recreation.

Limits the Secretary to using 15 percent of total revenues to administer the recreation fee program including direct operating or capital costs, cost of fee collection, notification of fee requirements, direct infrastructure, fee program management costs, bonding of volunteers, startup costs, and analysis and reporting on program accomplishments and effects.

(Sec. 5) Directs the Secretary, on January 1, 2009, and every three years thereafter, to submit to Congress a report detailing the status of the Recreation Fee Program conducted in NPS units, including: (1) an evaluation of the Program conducted at each unit; (2) a description of projects that were funded, work accomplished, and future projects and programs for funding with fees; and (3) any recommendations for changes in the overall fee system.
Soledad Canyon Settlement Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to offer to cancel Bureau of Land Management (BLM) mineral contracts CA-20139 and CA-22901 (located in Soledad Canyon, California) and compensate the contract holder for the cancellation with proceeds from the sale of lands near Victorville, California. Withdraws affected areas from mineral leasing.  
Supply Our Soldiers Act of 2005 - Directs the Secretary of Defense to provide for a program under which postal benefits are provided to a member of the Armed Forces who is on active duty and who is either: (1) serving in Iraq or Afghanistan; or (2) hospitalized at a military medical facility as a result of such service. Provides the postal benefits in the form of coupons or other evidence of credit (vouchers) to use for postal-free mailings. Limits: (1) the weight of the mail and parcels authorized for the program; (2) a member to one voucher per month; and (3) the program duration to one year after the date of implementing regulations.

Authorizes appropriations.
John R. Justice Prosecutors and Defenders Incentive Act of 2007 - Amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to add a program for student loan repayment for prosecutors and public defenders.

Defines "prosecutor" as a full-time state or local agency employee who: (1) is continually licensed to practice law; and (2) prosecutes criminal or juvenile delinquency cases, including an employee who supervises, educates, or trains other attorneys prosecuting such cases.

Defines "public defender" as a licensed attorney who is a full-time state or local agency employee or a full-time employee of a nonprofit organization who provides legal representation to indigent persons in criminal or juvenile delinquency cases, including an attorney who supervises, educates, or trains other attorneys to provide such representation. Includes in such definition a full-time federal defender attorney.

Directs the Attorney General to establish a program to assume the obligation to repay the student loans of any borrowers who are employed as prosecutors or public defenders and who are not in default on their loans. Sets forth requirements for such program, including that: (1) the borrower will remain employed as a prosecutor or public defender for not less than three years; and (2) the borrower will repay to the Attorney General any repayment benefits received if the borrower is fired from employment for misconduct or voluntarily separates from employment.

Limits the amount payable under such program for any borrower to $10,000 per year andan aggregate total of $60,000.

Authorizes the Attorney General to enter into subsequent agreements with a borrower for another three-year period or a lesser period.

Requires the Attorney General to give priority in granting repayment benefits to borrowers who have the least ability to repay their loans.

Authorizes the Attorney General to issue regulations to carry out this Act.

Requires the Inspector General of the Department of Justice to report to Congress on the cost of loan repayment program under this Act and the impact of such program on the hiring and retention of prosecutors and public defenders.

Directs the Comptroller General to study and report to Congress on the impact of law school accreditation requirements and other factors on law school costs and access, including the impact of such requirements on racial and ethnic minorities.

Authorizes appropriations for FY2008-FY2013.
Federal Facility Superfund Compliance Act of 1997 - Amends the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) to subject each department, agency, and instrumentality of the Federal Government to all Federal, State, interstate, and local requirements regarding response actions related to, or management of, hazardous substances, pollutants, or contaminants (current law refers only to compliance with CERCLA provisions) in the same manner and to the same extent as a nongovernmental entity.  Waives any U.S. immunity otherwise applicable with respect to any such requirement. 
Authorizes the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to issue an abatement order to a Federal entity and requires initiation of an administrative enforcement action in the same manner and under the same circumstances as action would be initiated against any other person. 
Removes provisions for application (and preemption) of State laws concerning removal and remedial action at Federal facilities not on the National Priorities List. 
Precludes interagency remedial action agreements from impairing or diminishing State authority to enforce requirements of State law, unless such requirements have been addressed or waived without objection from the State.
Truth in Budgeting Act - Prohibits the receipts and disbursements of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, and the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund from being counted as new budget authority, outlays, receipts, or deficit or surplus for purposes of the Federal budget as submitted by the President, the congressional budget, or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act).  Exempts such trust funds from any general statutory budget outlays limitation. 
Amends Federal transportation law to require the Secretary of Transportation to estimate annually: (1) what, but for this Act, would be at the close of the next fiscal year the amount of unfunded aviation authorizations; and (2) the net aviation receipts at the close of such year.
High-Quality Education Act of 2009 - Authorizes the Secretary of Education to award matching grants to states, or local educational agencies (LEAs) in states that do not receive such grants, to reduce the size of core curriculum classes in public elementary and secondary schools.

Requires such grants to be provided only to states or LEAs serving schools whose average core curriculum class size is greater than 18 students in kindergarten through grade 3, 22 students in grades 4 through 8, and 25 students in grades 9 through 12.

Requires grant funds to be used for: (1) constructing new classroom space; (2) hiring additional teachers; and (3) purchasing portable structures to replace administrative offices that are converted into classrooms.

Permits the Secretary to give grant priority to states or LEAs serving schools: (1) where over 17% of the students between age 4 and 18 are from impoverished families; or (2) whose average core curriculum class size is higher than the average core curriculum class size of schools served by other applicants.
International Solid Waste Importation and Management Act of 2007 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Solid Waste Disposal Act to authorize states to enact laws or issue regulations or orders restricting the receipt and disposal of foreign municipal solid waste within their borders until the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issues regulations implementing and enforcing the Agreement Concerning the Transboundary Movement of Hazardous Waste between the United States and Canada. Declares that state actions authorized by this Act shall not be considered a burden on, or otherwise impede, interstate and foreign commerce.

Requires the Administrator to: (1) perform the functions of the Designated Authority of the United States with respect to the importation and exportation of municipal solid waste under the Agreement; (2) implement and enforce the notice and consent and other provisions of the Agreement; and (3) issue final regulations on the Administrator's responsibilities as Designated Authority of the United States.

Requires the Administrator to give substantial weight to the views of affected states and local governments before consenting to the importation of foreign municipal solid waste into the United States under the Agreement, and to consider the impact of such importation on: (1) public support for state and local recycling programs; (2) landfill capacities; (3) air emissions and road deterioration from increased vehicular traffic; and (4) homeland security, public health, and the environment.

Makes it unlawful for any person to import, transport, or export municipal solid waste for final disposal or for incineration in violation of the Agreement.

Authorizes the Administrator to assess civil penalties of up to $25,000 per day for violations of this Act or to commence a civil action in U.S. district court. Provides for a public hearing to review any noncompliance order issued by the Administrator.

Defines "municipal solid waste" to mean all waste materials discarded for disposal by: (1) households, including hotels; and (2) commercial, institutional, municipal, and industrial sources to the extent such materials are essentially the same as household waste and were collected and disposed of with other municipal solid waste. Excludes from the term: (1) hazardous waste; (2) any solid waste resulting from a response action under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensations, and Liability Act; (3) recyclable materials that have been separated, at the source of the waste, from waste otherwise destined for disposal or that have been managed separately from waste destined for disposal; (4) scrap rubber to be used as a fuel source; (5) materials and products returned from a dispenser or distributor to the manufacturer for credit, evaluation, and possible reuse; (6) any solid waste that is generated by an industrial facility and transported for treatment, storage, or disposal to a facility that is owned or operated by the generator of the waste, located on property owned by the generator or an affiliated company, or the capacity of which is contractually dedicated exclusively to a specific generator, so long as the disposal area complies with local and state land use and applicable zoning regulations; (7) any medical waste that is segregated from or not mixed with solid waste; (8) sewage sludge and residuals from any sewage treatment plant; (9) combustion ash generated by resource recovery facilities or municipal incinerators, or waste from manufacturing or processing (including pollution control) operations not essentially the same as waste normally generated by households; and (10) solid waste generated incident to the provision of service in interstate, intrastate, foreign, or overseas air transportation.
Copper and Lead Evaluation and Reporting Act of 2016 or the CLEAR Act This bill amends the Safe Drinking Water Act to require the Environmental Protection Agency to promulgate new lead and copper regulations that would set a health-based, household action level for lead and copper that triggers: (1) a consumer notification of drinking water contamination; (2) a report to the appropriate public health agency; and (3) an examination by the public water system of service line material and, if applicable, the removal of lead portions of the service line.  That action level must be based on the amount of lead that would result in a blood lead level greater than five micrograms per deciliter in an average, healthy infant who consumes infant formula made with water. The regulations must also:  provide outreach about the health risk and protection available to consumers with known or suspected lead service lines, institutions and facilities that serve other vulnerable populations, and the caregivers and health care providers of those consumers or populations; require reporting by public water systems for each monitoring period to the populations they serve on information concerning lead and copper levels; require public water systems to provide a public statement of lead service line ownership where a community has such lines;   modify monitoring requirements to provide for voluntary, consumer-requested tap samples for lead; and  provide for utilizing the results of those samples. 
Fixing America's Inequities with Revenues Act of 2013 or FAIR Act of 2013 - Amends the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to require the Secretary of the Treasury to deposit in the Treasury 37.5% of all revenues derived from all rentals, royalties, bonus bids, and other sums payable to the United States from energy development on the outer Continental Shelf (OCS) areas of coastal states (those within 200 nautical miles of a leased tract in the OCS which are not, however, in a Gulf producing state). Excludes from deposit under these terms any revenues generated from the leasing of lands within three miles of seaward boundaries of coastal states. Requires the Secretary of the Interior to disperse: (1) 27.5% of these revenues to coastal states and their political subdivisions; and (2) 10% of such revenues to coastal states that establish funds in their treasuries to support projects relating to alternative and renewable energy, energy research and development, energy efficiency, or conservation. Prescribes requirements for allocating such revenues to coastal states and their coastal subdivisions, with a special rule for Alaska. Limits the allocable share of each coastal state to the revenues collected from a leased tract located no more than 200 nautical miles from the coastline of the state. Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to disburse 50% of all revenues derived from all rentals, royalties, bonus bids, rights-of-way, and other amounts payable to the United States from the development of alternative and renewable onshore energy sources to the state within the boundaries of which the energy source is located. Amends the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 by: (1) redefining the term &quot;qualified outer Continental Shelf revenues,&quot; and (2) revising the cap on the amount of such qualified revenues that may be made available to Gulf producing states.
Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame Commemorative Coin Act This bill directs the Department of the Treasury to mint and issue not more than 50,000 $5 coins, 400,000 $1 coins, and 750,000 half-dollar coins emblematic of the game of basketball.  The bill requires all sales of such coins to include specified surcharges, which shall be paid by Treasury to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame to fund an endowment for increased operations and educational programming.
Johnson-O'Malley Supplemental Indian Education Program Modernization Act This bill amends the Johnson-O'Malley Act to establish a program through which the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) shall contract with eligible entities for the purpose of providing educational benefits to Indian students. An eligible entity is an entity that educates or serves Indian students and is either a tribal organization, an Indian corporation, a school district, a state, or a consortium of tribal organizations. An eligible entity shall use the funds to establish or expand programs to: (1) provide remedial instruction, counseling, cultural programs, school supplies, and specified courses and activities; (2) establish targeted, culturally sensitive, dropout prevention activities; and (3) purchase equipment to facilitate training in trade skills and college preparation. In general, BIA shall base the amount of a contract on the number of eligible Indian students educated or served by an eligible entity. With respect to these contracts, BIA must ensure full geographic coverage and the full participation of eligible entities.
NASA and JPL 50th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury, in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the establishment of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) to mint and issue: (1) ten dollar gold coins; (2) five dollar gold coins; (3) one dollar silver coins; and (4) half-dollar silver coins emblematic of the 50 years of exemplary and unparalleled achievements of NASA and JPL.

Directs each Federal agency and U.S. instrumentality that has in its possession any craft or any part of a craft that flew in space to: (1) retrieve any gold, silver, copper, and other precious metal that may be used in the production of any coins under this Act from such craft or part; and (2) deposit such metals with the Director of the United States Mint.

Requires that all sales of coins minted under this Act include a surcharge of : (1) $75 per coin for the ten dollar coin; (2) $35 per coin for the five dollar coin; (3) $10 per coin for the one dollar coin; and (4) $3 for the half-dollar coin, which shall be paid by the Secretary to the NASA Family Assistance Fund for the purposes of providing financial assistance to the families of NASA personnel who die as a result of injuries suffered in the performance of their official duties.
High School Athletics Accountability Act of 2009 - Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (ESEA) to direct coeducational elementary and secondary schools that participate in any ESEA program to annually: (1) report certain information on equality in their school athletic programs to the Commissioner for Educational Statistics; and (2) make such information available, upon request, to their students, potential students, and the public.

Directs the Commissioner to ensure that such data are posted on the Department of Education's Web site within a reasonable period of time.
Full Funding for IDEA Now Act of 2003 - Amends the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) to specify a mandatory minimum level of Federal grant payments to States for assistance for education of all children with disabilities.Sets such level at 40 percent of the average current per-pupil expenditure in public and secondary schools in the United States multiplied by the number of children with disabilities in the State who are receiving special education and related services: (1) aged three through five if the State is eligible for an IDEA preschool grant; and (2) aged six through 21.
American Innovation $1 Coin Act This bill directs the Department of the Treasury to mint and issue American Innovation $1 coins commemorating an innovation, an individual innovator or pioneer, or a group of innovators or pioneers from each state, the District of Columbia, and U.S. territory.   Four such coins shall be issued each year for 14 years until one coin for each of the states, the District of Columbia, and the territories has been issued. Such coins shall be issued in alphabetic order of the jurisdiction represented. 
Robert Stodola Homeless Veterans Assistance Act - Amends the Stewart B.  McKinney Homeless Assistance Act to require each city, county, State, and Indian tribe which is provided assistance under the following programs to ensure that not less than 20 percent of the total amount received by such entity is used for activities benefiting homeless veterans:  (1) the emergency shelter grants program; (2) the supportive housing program; (3) the safe havens for homeless individuals demonstration program; (4) a program for single room occupancy dwellings; (5) the shelter plus care program; and (6) the rural homelessness grant program.  Provides for related technical assistance.   Allows a waiver of such requirement in each case upon a determination that general program funds will remain unused for an unreasonable period of time unless the waiver is permitted.
Comprehensive Opioid Management and Bundled Addiction Treatment Act of 2018 or the COMBAT Act of 2018 This bill provides for coverage and payment of specified&nbsp;opioid-treatment program services under the Medicare program. 
Retired Pay Restoration Act of 2005 - Allows the receipt of both military retired pay and veterans' disability compensation with respect to any service-connected disability (currently, only a disability rated at 50 percent or more).

Makes the 2004 through 2013 phase-in limitations for the concurrent receipt of such pay for qualified retirees with service-connected disabilities rated as total applicable: (1) only during 2004 for retirees with a 100 percent disability; and (2) only during 2004 and 2005 for retirees with a total disability by reason of unemployability.

Makes eligible for the full concurrent receipt of both veterans' disability compensation and either military retired pay or combat-related special pay those individuals who were retired or separated from military service due to a service-connected disability.
Coal-to-Liquid Fuel Energy Act of 2007 - Amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to include among the projects eligible for Department of Energy (DOE) loan guarantees large-scale coal-to-liquid facilities that use a feedstock, the majority of which is domestic coal resources, to produce at least 10,000 barrels a day of liquid transportation fuel.

Instructs the Secretary of Energy (Secretary) to make loans for use by recipients to pay the federal share of the cost of obtaining any services necessary for the planning, permitting, and construction of coal-to-liquid facilities.

Directs the Secretary to promulgate regulations to support the development of coal-to-liquid manufacturing facilities and associated infrastructure on DOE and other federal lands, including military bases and military installations closed or realigned under the defense base closure and realignment.

Amends the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to direct the Secretaries of Energy and of Defense to study and report to Congress on the feasibility and suitability of maintaining coal-to-liquid products in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve (Reserve).

Authorizes the Secretary to construct storage facilities in the vicinity of pipeline infrastructure and at least one military base.

Amends the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to authorize the Secretary to acquire, place in storage, transport, or exchange coal-to-liquid products in the Reserve.

Authorizes the use of certain funds by the Air Force Research Laboratory to continue support efforts to test, qualify, and procure synthetic fuels developed from coal for aviation jet use.

Amends federal law governing Armed Forces fuel procurement to authorize the Secretary of Defense to enter into agreements with private companies to develop and operate coal-to-liquid facilities on or near military installations.

Instructs the Secretary of Energy to implement a research and demonstration program to evaluate the emissions of the use of Fischer-Tropsch transportation fuel, including diesel and jet fuel.
Bailout Prevention Act of 2015 This bill amends the Federal Reserve Act, with respect to the discounting of obligations arising out of actual commercial transactions, to declare a borrower ineligible to borrow from any emergency lending program or facility unless the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and all federal banking regulators with jurisdiction over the borrower certify that, at the time the borrower initially borrows under the program or facility, the borrower is not insolvent.  A borrower shall be deemed insolvent for such purposes if it is a bridge financial company (organized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation [FDIC] to resolve a covered financial company) or a bridge depository institution (a new national bank or federal savings association organized by the FDIC to assume the deposits of one or more insured depository institutions that are in default or in danger of default).     The annual (penalty) interest rate for emergency lending must be at least 500 basis points greater than the cost of borrowing for the United States Treasury for a commensurate loan term.   The Board may create an emergency lending program or facility that does not meet the broad-based eligibility requirement (that at least five companies be eligible to participate in it) or this penalty rate requirement, but only if Congress enacts a joint resolution of approval within 30 days. The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 is amended to repeal the authorization for certain financial holding companies to engage in, or own or control shares of a company that is engaged in commodity trading, selling, or investing if certain requirements are met.
No Exemption for Washington from Obamacare Act Amends the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) to extend the requirement for participation in the American Health Benefit Exchange (a state health insurance exchange created by PPACA) to the President, Vice President, executive branch political appointees, and employees of congressional committees and leadership offices of Congress (currently, this requirement applies to Members of Congress and their staff). Prohibits any government contribution to or subsidy for the health insurance coverage of such officials and employees.
Children's Act for Responsible Employment of 2007 or the CARE Act of 2007 - Amends the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (FLSA) to repeal certain exemptions from child labor prohibitions for agricultural employment.

 Allows an exemption only if: (1) the agricultural employment of an individual under 16 occurs outside of school hours; and (2) such individual is employed by a parent or a person standing in place of a parent on a farm owned or operated by such parent or person. Raises from 16 to 18 years old the minimum age for engaging in hazardous agricultural employment. Eliminates a waiver for hand-harvesting of certain crops.

Increases civil and criminal penalties for child labor violations.

Directs the Secretary of Labor to analyze data and report to Congress on work-related injuries to children and related matters. Requires employers to report on work-related serious injuries and illnesses, and deaths, of agricultural employees under 18 years of age.

 Incorporates into FLSA child labor requirements certain federal standards for protecting workers exposed to pesticides. Reconciles civil penalties for violations of such standards affecting child workers imposed by the Secretary under FLSA and by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act.
Seasonal Influenza and Pandemic Preparation Act of 2005 - Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a national voluntary influenza vaccination program to provide free influenza vaccines. Requires the Secretary to reimburse participating entities for the cost of administering such vaccines.

Requires the Secretary to award grants to health departments, public hospitals, federally qualified health centers, and other entities to facilitate: (1) the establishment of influenza vaccination programs in partnership with private entities; and (2) the development of influenza vaccination programs for students and families of students.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) award grants to elementary and secondary schools to facilitate the development of a voluntary influenza vaccination program; (2) develop an immunization plan with immunization target numbers for Medicare, Medicaid, and the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP); (3) provide bonus payments to eligible health care providers and other entities who meet such immunization targets; (4) establish a Volunteer Vaccine Corps to facilitate the distribution of vaccines during a public health emergency related to an influenza outbreak; (5) maintain a database of Corps members; and (6) award grants for the training of Corps members. Limits the liability of Corps members when performing their duties.

Requires the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to establish a national public affairs campaign to increase influenza immunization rates.
Allows commercial airline employees who were participants in a tax-exempt defined benefit pension plan of a commercial airline that was terminated or otherwise restricted to transfer to a traditional individual retirement account (IRA) any amount received from the airline resulting from a bankruptcy proceeding filed after September 11, 2001, and before January 1, 2007. Excludes from the gross income of such employees any such amount received from an airline.
Amends the Bretton Woods Agreements Act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to contribute to a Clean Technology Fund to promote accelerated deployment in developing countries of technologies designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

Requires that such Fund be established and administered by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD).

Prohibits the Fund from providing more than approximately 15% of Fund resources to any one country. Sets forth requirements for a country to be eligible for support from the Fund, which shall be used to cover the incremental costs of deploying clean energy technologies that result in substantial and additional reductions from baseline greenhouse gas emissions.

Prohibits the Fund from providing support for any new coal-fired electricity generation facility unless certain requirements are met.

Requires transparency in all aspects of the governance of the Fund.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) direct the U.S. representative to oppose any proposal that would result in the Fund failing to meet the requirements of this Act; (2) encourage all the multilateral development banks to apply environmental assessment procedures in their consideration of Fund proposals; and (3) ensure that the Fund complements the International Clean Energy Foundation.

Amends the the International Financial Institutions Act to direct the Secretary to seek to ensure that multilateral development banks: (1) adopt and implement greenhouse gas accounting in analyzing the benefits and costs of all projects for which bank funding is sought; and (2) expand their activities supporting climate change mitigation.
Northern Cheyenne Lands Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to take approximately 1,568 acres of land in Montana into trust for the Northern Cheyenne Tribe.  Requires Great Northern Properties to convey to the Tribe its coal and iron ore mineral interests underlying the land on the Northern Cheyenne Reservation in exchange for U.S. coal mineral interests underlying the land referred to as Bull Mountains and East Fork. Sets forth conditions on the conveyance to Great Northern Properties.  Directs the Secretary to ensure that the deed for those federal coal mineral interests includes a covenant that precludes surface mining of the coal unless certain conditions are met.  Prohibits Montana from taxing the mineral interests this Act conveys to the Tribe.  Sets forth conditions regarding waiver of claims by the Tribe and Great Northern Properties.  Requires the Northern Cheyenne Trust Fund to be transferred to the Tribe in exchange for the Tribe waiving all of its claims arising from U.S. management of the Fund. 
COPS Improvements Act of 2007 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to expand the authority of the Attorney General to make grants for public safety and community policing programs (COPS ON THE BEAT or COPS program). Revises grant purposes to provide for: (1) the hiring or training of law enforcement officers for intelligence, anti-terror, and homeland security duties; (2) the hiring of school resource officers; (3) school-based partnerships between local law enforcement agencies and schools to combat crime, gangs, drug activities, and other problems facing elementary and secondary schools; (4) innovative programs to reduce and prevent illegal drug (including methamphetamine) manufacturing, distribution, and use; (5) criminal gang enforcement task forces; and (6) enhanced community policing and crime prevention grants that meet emerging law enforcement needs.

Allows COPS program grants to be used to hire former members of the Armed Forces to serve as career law enforcement officers for community-oriented policing, particularly in communities adversely affected by a recent military base closing.

Authorizes the Attorney General to make grants to: (1) assign community prosecutors to handle cases from specific geographic areas and address counterterrorism problems, specific violent crime problems, and localized violent and other crime problems; and (2) develop new technologies to assist state and local law enforcement agencies in crime prevention.

Grants the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services exclusive authority to perform functions and activities under the COPS grant program.

Authorizes the Attorney General to renew COP program grants if grant recipients can demonstrate significant progress in achieving the objectives of the initial grant application.

Requires the Attorney General to select one or more institutions of higher education, including historically Black colleges and universities, to conduct a scientific study of the effectiveness of the programs, projects, and activities funded by the COPS program. Requires such institutions to report on on their studies to the Attorney General not later than four years after the enactment of this Act. Requires the Attorney General to report to Congress on such studies.

Increases and extends through FY2013 the authorization of appropriations for the COPS program. Increases from 3 to 5% the amount of funds available for technical assistance. Specifies amounts to be made available for hiring officers and prosecutors, and for technology grants.

(Sec. 3) Requires the Inspector General of the Department of Justice to report to Congress on the COPS program, including information on: (1) the effect of the program on the rate of violent crime, drug offenses, and other crimes; (2) the degree to which state and local governments awarded a COPS grant contribute funds for law enforcement programs and activities; and (3) any waste, fraud, or abuse in the program. Requires the Inspector General to audit and review a random sampling of state and local law enforcement agencies in preparing such report.
Jackie Robinson Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to:  (1) mint and issue one-dollar silver coins emblematic of Jackie Robinson in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the breaking of the color barrier in major league baseball; and (2) distribute surcharge proceeds to the Jackie Robinson Foundation to enhance its education and youth leadership programs, and increase the availability of scholarships for economically disadvantaged youths. 
Prescribes conditions for payment of such surcharges, including a proscription against Foundation compensation to any agent or attorney for services rendered to support or influence legislative action of the Congress relating to the coins minted and issued under this Act.
Public Safety Employer-Employee Cooperation Act of 2003 - Provides collective bargaining rights for public safety officers employed by States or local governments.

(Sec. 2) Sets forth a declaration of U.S. policy regarding the need for: (1) labor-management cooperation in public safety agencies; (2) encouraging conciliation, mediation, and voluntary arbitration to help public safety employers and employees reach and maintain agreements concerning pay rates, hours, and working conditions, and to negotiate to settle differences by mutual agreement reached though collective bargaining or other methods provided in an agreement for dispute settlement; and (3) providing minimal standards for collective bargaining negotiations in the public safety sector.

(Sec. 4) Directs the Federal Labor Relations Authority (FLRA) to determine whether State law provides specified rights and responsibilities for public safety officers, including: (1) granting public safety employees the right to form and join a labor organization which excludes management and supervisory employees, and which is, or seeks to be, recognized as the exclusive bargaining agent for such employees; and (2) requiring public safety employers to recognize and agree to bargain with the employees' labor organization. (Sec. 5) Requires the FLRA to issue regulations establishing collective bargaining procedures for public safety employers and employees in States that do not substantially provide for such public safety employee rights and responsibilities. Directs the FLRA, in such cases, to: (1) determine the appropriateness of units for labor organization representation; (2) supervise or conduct elections to determine whether a labor organization has been selected as an exclusive representative by a majority of the employees in an appropriate unit; (3) resolve issues relating to the duty to bargain in good faith; (4) conduct hearings and resolve complaints of unfair labor practices; and (5) resolve exceptions to arbitrator's awards. Grants a public safety employer, employee, or labor organization the right to seek enforcement of such FLRA regulations and authority through appropriate State courts. (Sec. 6) Prohibits public safety employers, employees, and labor organizations from engaging in lockouts or strikes, or sick-outs, work slowdowns, or other actions designed to compel agreement to a proposed contract which will measurably disrupt the delivery of emergency services. (Sec. 7) Provides that existing collective bargaining units and agreements shall not be invalidated by this Act. (Sec. 8) Provides that nothing in this Act shall be construed to: (1) invalidate or limit the remedies, rights, and procedures of any State or local law that provides collective bargaining rights for public safety officers that are equal to or greater than the rights provided under this Act; (2) prevent a State from enforcing a right-to-work law that prohibits employers and labor organizations from negotiating provisions in a labor agreement that require union membership or payment of union fees as a condition of employment; (3) invalidate any State law in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that substantially provides for the rights and responsibilities specified by this Act solely because such State law permits employees to appear on their own behalf with respect to their employment relations with the public safety agency involved; (4) permit parties subject to the National Labor Relations Act and its regulations to negotiate provisions that would prohibit an employee from engaging in part-time employment or volunteer activities during off-duty hours; or (5) prohibit a State from exempting from coverage under this Act a local government that serves a population of less than 5,000 or that employs less than 25 full-time employees (not including individuals elected by popular vote or appointed to serve on a board or commission). Prohibits any State from preempting local government laws or ordinances that provide collective bargaining rights for public safety officers that are equal to or greater than the rights provided under this Act. (Sec. 9) Authorizes appropriations.
Price Gouging Act of 2005 - Amends the Federal Trade Commission Act to direct the Federal Trade Commission to: (1) consult with certain senior law enforcement officials following the declaration of a major disaster by the President in order to determine whether any supplier is charging unconscionably excessive prices for gasoline or diesel fuel in the affected area; (2) establish a toll-free hotline to receive consumer reports of price gouging in the affected area; and (3) establish a program to develop and distribute public informational materials in English and Spanish to assist residents of the affected area in detecting and avoiding price gouging.

Prohibits unconscionably excessive prices for any gasoline or diesel fuel in an affected area during the 180-day period after the date on which a major disaster is declared by the President.

Subjects violations of this Act to specified civil and criminal penalties.

Authorizes victims and state Attorneys General to bring a civil action against violators of this Act.
State Partnership Program Enhancement Act of 2015 Amends the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 to revise and extend indefinitely the authority of the Department of Defense (DOD) to establish exchange programs for members of the National Guard under the National Guard State Partnership Program (SPP). (Currently, the authority is scheduled to terminate on September 30, 2016.)  Requires the National Guard Bureau to: (1) maintain a list of core competencies of the National Guard to support SPP activities, and (2) designate a director for each state and territory. Requires DOD to coordinate SPP regulations with combatant commanders to ensure that program activities meet theater security cooperation objectives. Requires the Department of State to coordinate such regulations with relevant chiefs of mission to meet diplomatic objectives. Establishes the National Guard State Partnership Program Fund in the Treasury, into which appropriated amounts shall be credited and transferred for program activity uses, including payment of costs for personnel, training, operations, and equipment.
Home Energy Affordability Tax Relief Act of 2008 or the HEATR Act of 2008 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow individual taxpayers an income-based refundable tax credit for residential energy costs. Limits such credit to the lesser of 33% of such costs or $500.
Emergency Unemployment Compensation Act of 2002 - Amends the Temporary Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 2002 (TEUCA, which is title II of the Job Creation and Worker Assistance Act of 2002, PL107-147) to extend the TEUCA program through weeks of unemployment ending before July 1, 2003 (currently January 1, 2003).Entitles eligible individuals in all States to a total of 26 weeks of TEUCA compensation (13 weeks beyond the current 13 weeks).Provides an additional seven weeks of TEUCA benefits for workers in high unemployment States (entitling them to a total of 33, which is 20 weeks beyond the current 13).Applies a revised adjusted insured unemployment rate State trigger. Sets an additional TEUCA benefit period State trigger based on total unemployment rate.
Great Ape Protection Act - Prohibits: (1) persons from conducting invasive research on great apes; (2) federal funds from being used to conduct such research; (3) persons from knowingly importing, exporting, transporting, moving, delivering, receiving, possessing, renting, loaning, purchasing, or selling great apes for such research; and (4) persons from breeding great apes for use in such research.

Declares that this Act does not limit or prevent individualized medical care performed on great apes by licensed veterinarians for the benefit of the great apes.

Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to provide for the permanent retirement of all great apes that are owned or under the control of the federal government and that have been used for invasive research. Authorizes the Secretary to provide for the euthanizing of such apes if it is in their best interest as determined by an attending veterinarian and endorsed by a second, unaffiliated veterinarian.

Defines "invasive research" to mean experimental research that may cause death, bodily injury, pain, distress, fear, injury, or trauma to great apes. Excludes: (1) close observation of natural or voluntary behavior, provided that it does not require the removal of apes from their social group or environment or require an anesthetic or sedation event to collect data or record observations; or (2) post-mortem examinations of great apes following their natural death.
Earmark Elimination Act of 2018  This bill establishes a point of order in the House of Representatives against considering legislation that contains a congressional earmark, limited tax benefit, or limited tariff benefit, as defined by the bill. If the point of order is successfully raised and sustained, the congressional earmark, limited tax benefit, or limited tariff benefit shall be deemed to be stricken from the legislation. 
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to treat the first $10,000 of tips received for cosmetology, hospitality (including lodging and food and beverage services), recreation, taxi, newspaper delivery, and shoe shine services as property transferred by gift, thus exempting such tips from income, employment, and unemployment taxation and from wage withholding.
Defines such costs as: (1) court costs, county attorney costs, and non-trial criminal proceedings; (2) indigent defense; and (3) unsupervised probation costs. Authorizes appropriations.
Provides for the reimbursement of States for costs of incarcerating juvenile aliens.
Provides that reimbursement of States for incarcerating illegal aliens and certain Cuban nationals shall be allocated to give special consideration for any State that: (1) shares a border with Mexico or Canada; or (2) has a large number of undocumented aliens.
Title II: Reimbursement of States and Localities for Emergency Health Services to Undocumented Aliens
 - Authorizes appropriations for allotments to States to be paid to local governments, hospitals, and other providers for emergency health services provided to undocumented aliens.
Provides special consideration for providers: (1) in a border county with Mexico or Canada; or (2) in an area with a large number of undocumented aliens.
Authorizes appropriations.
MRSA Infection Prevention and Patient Protection Act - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to promulgate regulations that: (1) define "MRSA" (methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus); (2) provide a list of best practices for antibiotic resistant staphylococcus; (3) define "high risk hospital departments" for purposes of applying such practices; and (4) provide screening, recordkeeping, and other requirements as they relate to MRSA reductions.

Requires acute care hospitals to screen patients entering intensive care units and other high risk hospital departments. Directs the Secretary to: (1) establish a process and a timetable for extending the screening requirements to patients admitted to all hospitals by January 1, 2012, subject to a waiver; and (2) report to Congress, by January 1, 2009, on whether payment adjustments should be made under Medicare to assist certain hospitals in defraying the cost of screening for, and the subsequent treatment of, MRSA or similar infections.

Requires all hospitals to: (1) comply with specified MRSA best practices, including contact precautions and patient isolation; and (2) report by January 1, 2009, the number of cases of hospital-acquired MRSA and other resistant infection rates that occur in the facility. Requires the Secretary to: (1) develop systems of identifying infected transferred patients and promptly informing any facility that has transferred an infected patient; and (2) promulgate regulations to develop a program to provide technical assistance and educational materials to non-hospital Medicare providers to assist in preventing MRSA infections.

Permits a hospital to apply to the Secretary for a one-year increase in the amount of the capital-related costs payment made to the hospital under the prospective payment system, subject to specified repayment and certification requirements.
Openness in Political Expenditures Now Act or OPEN Act - Amends the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to require a corporation which submits regular, periodic reports to its shareholders and a labor organization which submits similar reports to its members to include in each such report specified information on disbursements it has made for certain political activity (including independent expenditures and electioneering communications) during the period covered by the report. Limits the amount of disbursements reported, however, to the amount that equals or exceeds the applicable threshold for the covered political activity.  Defines &quot;applicable threshold&quot; for a disbursement as: (1) $250 for an independent expenditure, (2) $10,000 for an electioneering communication or another kind of communication meeting specified criteria, and (3) the amount of the applicable limitation on contributions in effect for payment of dues or other amounts to a trade association or to a tax-exempt non-profit civic league meeting certain criteria (501[c][4] organization). Requires a corporation or labor organization reporting such expenditures to: (1) file a statement about them with the Election Assistance Commission (EAC), and (2) post on its website (if any) a hyperlink from its homepage to this statement on the EAC website. Amends the Internal Revenue Code to subject a 501(c)(4) organization to the income tax on corporations if: (1) its expenditures for the taxable year for covered political activity exceed the lesser of 10% of its total expenditures or $10 million, and (2) its governing instrument does not effectively prohibit its expenditures for a covered political activity from exceeding these thresholds.
Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act This bill revises the authority of the Department of Defense (DOD) to transfer excess personal property to federal and state law enforcement agencies.  DOD's authority to transfer property for counter-drug activities is eliminated.  DOD property recipients must: (1) provide DOD with a description of intended use; and (2) certify that they have appropriate personnel, technical capacity, and training and will return any surplus DOD property.  Non-federal recipients must certify that they have notified their local community of requests for DOD property.   The following transfers are prohibited:   controlled firearms, ammunition, grenades, and explosives;  controlled vehicles, certain trucks, and other highly mobile or mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicles;  armored or weaponized drones;  controlled aircraft that are combat configured or combat coded, or that have no established commercial flight application;  silencers;  long range acoustic devices; and items in the Federal Supply Class of banned items.   Transfers conditioned upon the agency demonstrating the use of any small arms or ammunitions are prohibited.  Transfers of previously transferred DOD property from one federal or state agency to another such agency are prohibited. DOD may waive transfer prohibitions for certain trucks and vehicles (other than mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicles) if necessary for disasters, rescues, or other purposes where life and public safety are at risk.  DOD shall require as a condition of any property transfer that the recipient agency shall return the property if the agency is: (1) investigated by the Department of Justice for any violation of civil liberties, or (2) otherwise found to have engaged in widespread abuses of civil liberties.   Obligations or expenditures of appropriations to carry out DOD's property transfer program are prohibited unless specified conditions are met.  Federal or state agencies that receive controlled property may not take ownership of such property.
Securities Litigation Attorney Accountability and Transparency Act - Amends the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Securities Act of 1933 to state that, in any private action in which the court enters a final judgment against plaintiff on the basis of a motion to dismiss, motion for summary judgment, or a trial on the merits, the court shall, upon defendant's motion, determine whether: (1) the position of the plaintiff was not substantially justified; (2) imposition of fees and expenses on the plaintiff's attorney would be just; and (3) the cost of such fees and expenses to the defendant is substantially burdensome or unjust.

Requires the court to award the defendant reasonable fees and other expenses, and impose such fees and expenses on the plaintiff's attorney, if the court makes positive determinations in such a case.

Places the burden of persuasion upon the defendant as to whether or not the position of the plaintiff was substantially justified.

Requires plaintiff and plaintiff's attorney to provide sworn, signed certifications that identify any actual or promised payment by the attorney to the plaintiff, beyond the plaintiff's pro rata share of any recovery.

Requires similar plaintiff and plaintiff's attorney certifications regarding: (1) legal representations; (2) contributions; and (3) conflicts of interest.

Requires the court, in exercising discretion over the approval of lead counsel, to employ a competitive bidding process as one of the criteria (unless the court determines that such a process is not feasible).

Instructs the Comptroller General to study and report to certain congressional committees on average hourly fees in securities class actions.
Eightmile Wild and Scenic River Act - Amends the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (the Act) to designate specified segments in the Eightmile River in Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System.

Requires the Secretary of the Interior to: (1) manage Eightmile River in accordance with the Eightmile Watershed Management Plan, dated December 8, 2005, and such amendments to the Plan as the Secretary determines to be consistent with this Act; and (2) coordinate the management responsibilities of the Secretary relating to the River with the Eightmile River Coordinating Committee, as described in such Plan.

Allows the Secretary, concerning cooperative agreements for the administration of any component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, to enter into a cooperative agreement with: (1) the State of Connecticut; (2) the towns of Salem, Lyme, and East Haddam, Connecticut (the towns); and (3) appropriate local planning and environmental organizations. Requires that each such cooperative agreement authorized: (1) shall be consistent with the management plan; and (2) may include provisions for financial or other assistance from the United States.

Bars the Eightmile River from being: (1) administered as part of the National Park System; or (2) subject to regulations that govern such System.

Considers, with respect to the Eightmile River, each zoning ordinance adopted by the towns in effect as of December 8, 2005, to satisfy each standard and requirement under the Act regarding the prohibition on the federal acquisition of certain lands by condemnation for inclusion in any national, wild, scenic, or recreational river area.

Makes the provisions of the Act that prohibit federal acquisition of land by condemnation applicable to the acquisition of land for the Eightmile River. Limits the authority of the Secretary to acquire land for the purpose of managing the River as a component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System to acquisition by donation or with the consent of the owner of the land and subject to the additional criteria set forth in the management plan.

Recognizes specified tributaries of the Eightmile River Watershed as integral to the protection and enhancement of the River and that watershed.

Authorizes appropriations.
Assistant United States Attorneys Retirement Benefit Equity Act of 1998 - Makes applicable to Assistant United States Attorneys the provisions of the Civil Service Retirement System and the Federal Employees Retirement System that apply to law enforcement officers. 
Directs the Department of Justice to provide notice to incumbent Assistant U.S. Attorneys of their election rights under this Act and the consequences of making or not making a timely election. Allows such incumbents to elect the option to be treated either:  (1) in accordance with the amendments made by this Act; or (2) in the same way as if this Act had never been enacted.  Treats failure to make a timely election in the same way as an election made under the first option on the last day allowable.  Makes an election ineffective unless it is made before the 90th day after the date on which the notice is provided or the date on which the incumbent separates from service, whichever is earlier.  Applies the amendments made by this Act retroactively in the case of any incumbent who elects the first option and provides for makeup contributions.
Fair Pay Act of 1995 - Amends the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to prohibit discrimination in the payment of wages on account of sex, race, or national origin.  (Allows payment of different wages under seniority systems, merit systems, or systems that measure earnings by quantity or quality of production.) 
Directs the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) to issue guidelines specifying criteria for determining whether a job is dominated by employees of a particular sex, race, or national origin. Prohibits such regulations from including a list of such jobs. 
Directs courts, in any action brought under this Act for violation of such prohibition, to allow expert fees as part of the costs awarded to prevailing plaintiffs.  Allows any such action to be maintained as a class action. 
Requires employers subject to such prohibition to:  (1) preserve records which document and support the method, system, calculations, and other bases used by the employer in establishing, adjusting, and determining the wages paid to their employees, for periods of time prescribed by the EEOC; and (2) make reports to the EEOC.  Sets forth certain exemptions for small businesses and provisions for protection of confidentiality with respect to such records. 
Directs the EEOC to:  (1) undertake studies and provide information and technical assistance to employers, labor organizations, and the general public concerning effective means available to implement this Act; (2) carry on a continuing program of research, education, and technical assistance with specified components related to the purposes of this Act; and (3) include a separate evaluation and appraisal regarding the implementation of this Act in its annual report to the Congress. 
Makes conforming amendments to the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995.
Consumer Telephone Records Protection Act of 2007 - Makes it unlawful for any person in interstate commerce to knowingly and intentionally: (1) obtain confidential phone records information under false pretenses; (2) sell or transfer confidential phone records information without prior authorization from the customer; and (3) receive or purchase confidential phone records information. Provides for Federal Trade Commission (FTC) enforcement of such provisions.

Makes such provisions inapplicable to law enforcement agencies.

Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to require a telecommunication carrier to notify a customer of any incidents in which proprietary network information relating to such customer is disclosed to someone other than the customer.
Modernizing the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care Act This bill amends part E (Foster Care and Adoption Assistance) of title IV of the Social Security Act to require the procedures a state must have in effect for the orderly and timely interstate placement of children to include an electronic interstate case-processing system. Indian tribes are exempted from such requirement. Funding is authorized for development of an electronic interstate case-processing system to expedite the interstate placement of children in foster care, guardianship, or adoptive homes. Discretionary funding shall be continued through FY2018 to promote safe and stable families. The Department of Health and Human Services shall reserve $5 million of the amount made available for such grants for FY2018, which reserved amount shall remain available through FY2022.
Export Promotion Act This bill establishes the Export Promotion Agency in the Department of Commerce. The bill designates the functions, responsibilities, organizational structure, and reporting requirements of the agency. The bill terminates the following entities and programs and transfers their functions to the agency: the International Trade Administration, the Office of International Trade of the Small Business Administration, the Trade and Development Agency, the Export Credit Guarantee Program and the Facilities Guarantee Program of the Department of Agriculture, and the Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs of the Department of State. 
Repeals the Military Selective Service Act. 
Bars the reestablishment of the Office of Selective Service Records. 
Requires:  (1) the transfer to the Administrator of General Services of the assets, property, and records held by, and the unexpended balances of any appropriations available to, the Selective Service System (SSS); and (2) the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to assist SSS officers and employees in transferring to other positions in the executive branch. 
Amends the Legal Services Corporation (LSC) Act to bar the use of LSC funds to provide legal assistance with respect to any proceeding or litigation arising out of desertion from the armed forces.
Comprehensive Fetal Alcohol Syndrome Prevention Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to establish:  (1) a comprehensive program to prevent Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects and coordinate related Federal efforts; and (2) an Inter-Agency Task Force on Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects. 
Provides for related research, technical assistance, grants, cooperative agreements, and contracts, prevention programs, professional and public education, and diagnostic criteria. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Recognition of Jerusalem as the Capital of the State of Israel Act This bill states that it is U.S. policy to recognize Jerusalem as the undivided capital of Israel.  The bill expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) the United States should recognize the sovereign status of an undivided Jerusalem as Israel's capital, (2) recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital and transferring the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv will signal U.S. commitment to Israel, (3) the President and the Department of State should affirm as a matter of U.S. policy that Jerusalem must remain Israel's undivided capital, (4) the President should implement the provisions of the Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 and begin the process of relocating the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, and (5) U.S. officials should refrain from actions that contradict U.S. law on this subject.  The bill states that any official U.S. government document that lists countries and their capital cities should identify Jerusalem as Israel's capital.   The President shall relocate the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem by January 1, 2019. The Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 is amended to eliminate the President's authority, effective January, 1, 2018, to waive certain funding limitations for State Department acquisition and maintenance of buildings abroad until the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem has officially opened. 
Ex-Offenders Voting Rights Act of 2008 - Declares that the right of a U.S. citizen to vote in any election for federal office shall not be denied or abridged because that individual has been convicted of a criminal offense unless, at the time of the election, such individual is serving a felony sentence in a correctional institution or facility.

Requires the chief correctional officer of each state to inform convicted felons within 30 days after their release of their right to vote in elections for federal office and the date of the next election in which they are eligible to vote.

Provides for enforcement and remedies for violations of this Act.

Specifies that: (1) nothing in this Act shall be construed to prohibit a state from enacting any state law that affords the right to vote in any election for federal office on terms less restrictive than those terms established by this Act; and (2) the rights and remedies established by this Act shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies provided by law, and shall not supersede, restrict, or limit the application of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 or the National Voter Registration Act of 1993.
Health Care Tax Deduction Act of 2001 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow all individuals a deduction (not subject to the 7.5 percent medical deduction limitation) for amounts paid for qualifying health insurance and unreimbursed prescription drugs on behalf of the taxpayer, spouse, and dependents.Provides self-employed individuals not otherwise covered with 100 percent coverage for health insurance and unreimbursed prescription drug costs on behalf of the taxpayer, spouse, and dependents.Coordinates such deductions with existing individual and self-employed medical deduction provisions.
Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act This bill requires a&nbsp;state or local educational agency (LEA) that receives funds under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to:   require, for each school employee, a criminal background check that includes a search of specified registries and repositories;  prohibit the employment of an individual who refuses to consent to, or who makes a false statement in connection with, a background check or who has been convicted of&nbsp;one of&nbsp;specified crimes;  require background checks to be periodically repeated or updated in accordance with state law or LEA policies;  provide a school employee&nbsp;with a timely process to appeal the results of a background check;  ensure that such policies and procedures are published on state and LEA websites; and  allow an LEA to share the results of a school employee's&nbsp;recent background check with another LEA that is considering that individual for employment.   
Consumer Overdraft Protection Fair Practices Act - Amends the Truth in Lending Act to set forth restrictions on: (1) overdraft protection programs or services for consumers; and (2) representations or statements with respect to such a program or service in any advertisement or promotion.

Amends the Electronic Fund Transfer Act and the Expedited Funds Availability Act to set forth restrictions on overdraft protection programs or services for consumers.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to include life insurance companies as an "includible corporation" for purposes of filing consolidated tax returns.Permits an affiliated group which includes at least one domestic insurance company that elects to file a consolidated return rather than pay tax under certain life insurance provisions to use a phased-in percentage of insurance company net operating loss in determining its own taxable income. (Permits unused loss carryover.)Provides for: (1) subsidiary stock basis adjustment; and (2) waiver of the five-year reconsolidation waiting period for certain formerly includible corporations which became nonincludible as a result of becoming a subsidiary of a nonincludible life insurance company.
Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to apply&nbsp;specified procedures&nbsp;related&nbsp;to reporting and review, as established by the bill, to&nbsp;a nondepository covered person that is subject to Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) supervision.  (Sec. 3) The bill sets deadlines for final examination reports and exit interviews of a financial institution by a federal financial regulatory agency.  (Sec. 4) The Office of Independent Examination Review is established to adjudicate appeals and investigate complaints from financial institutions concerning examination reports.  (Sec. 5) Financial institutions have the right to an independent review of a material supervisory determination. The bill also establishes a limited review by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) if there is evidence that the final decision reached by the office would pose an imminent threat to the financial institution's safety and soundness. Certain retaliatory actions by regulatory agencies with respect to such review are prohibited.&nbsp; (Sec. 6) The bill also requires the establishment of an independent internal agency appellate process at the CFPB for the review of supervisory determinations made at institutions supervised by the CFPB. The proportion of FFIEC costs covered by regulatory agencies is raised.  (Sec. 7) The bill amends the Federal Reserve Act to lower the maximum allowable amount of surplus funds of the Federal Reserve banks. 
Government Credit Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2006 - Directs each executive agency (with separate Department of Defense (DOD) requirements) and amends the Travel and Transportation Reform Act of 1998 to require specified credit card and convenience card controls and safeguards, including risk assessment analyses, audits, and the reporting of such analyses and audits.
Stop Outsourcing Security Act - Directs the Secretary of State to ensure that only government personnel provide security services at U.S. diplomatic or consular missions in Iraq.

Requires the President to report to Congress on the status of planning for the use of Government and military personnel instead of private contractors for mission critical or emergency essential functions by January 1, 2009, in all conflict zones where Congress has authorized the use of force.

Authorizes Congress access to contracts and task orders in excess of $5 million entered into by the Department of Defense (DOD), the Department of State, the Department of the Interior, and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) during the period beginning October 1, 2001, and ending on the last day of the month during which this Act is enacted for work to be performed in Iraq and Afghanistan. Requires certain reports to Congress regarding such contracts.
Local Community Radio Act of 2005 - Repeals provisions in the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2001, that required the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to: (1) modify rules authorizing the operation of low-power FM radio stations to prescribe minimum distance separations for third-adjacent channels; (2) prohibit applicants who have engaged in the unlicensed operation of any station from obtaining a low-power FM license; and (3) conduct a program to test whether low-power FM radio stations will result in harmful interference to existing FM radio stations if minimum distance separations for third-adjacent channels are not required.

Requires the FCC to modify its rules to eliminate third-adjacent minimum distance separation requirements between specified stations.

Requires the FCC to retain rules that provide third-adjacent channel protection for full-power noncommercial FM stations that broadcast radio reading services via a subcarrier frequency from potential low-power FM station interference.

Requires the FCC when licensing FM translator stations to ensure: (1) that licenses are available to both FM translator stations and low-power FM stations; and (2) that such decisions are made based on the needs of the local community.
Uniformed Services Medicare Subvention Demonstration Project Act - Directs the Secretaries of Defense and Health and Human Services (HHS) to jointly establish a demonstration project (project) to provide the Department of Defense (DOD) with reimbursement, under provisions of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act, for health services provided through DOD to certain Medicare-eligible covered military beneficiaries.  Requires the project to be conducted in one or more regions in which the TRICARE program (a DOD managed health care program) has been implemented.  Allows such project to be conducted for up to two years.  Requires such Secretaries to jointly submit to the Congress a first annual report and a final report containing specified information concerning project participants and such project's effects on military medical care access, readiness, and training. 
Directs the HHS Secretary to make monthly payments to DOD from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund (HHS trust funds) representing appropriate reimbursement amounts.  Provides for the determination of such amounts. 
Directs such Secretaries to jointly:  (1) establish a base level of TRICARE coverage required in a geographic region for eligibility under the project; (2) determine baseline costs of such care and coverage; and (3) establish upper reimbursement limits.  Directs the Secretary of Defense to waive the enrollment fee for individuals enrolled in a TRICARE program participating in the project. 
Establishes in the Treasury the Medicare Subvention Fund (Fund) for providing payments to the HHS Secretary for reimbursement of the HHS trust funds and for the payment of all expenses related to the participation of Medicare-eligible covered military beneficiaries in excess of the base level established under this Act, as well as administrative expenses. 
Authorizes appropriations for FY 1997 and 1998 for deposit into the Fund to carry out the purposes of this Act.
Access to Medical Treatment Act - Gives an individual the right to be treated by a health care practitioner with any medical treatment that the individual desires, including a treatment that is not approved, certified, or licensed by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, if: (1) the practitioner has personally examined the individual and agrees to treat the individual; and (2) the administration of such treatment does not violate licensing laws and is within the scope of the practice of such practitioner.

Authorizes health care practitioners to provide any method of treatment to such an individual if certain requirements are met, including that: (1) there is no reason to conclude that such treatment will cause danger to the individual; and (2) the patient is informed in writing that such treatment has not been approved, certified, or licensed by the Secretary. Requires a practitioner to report: (1) administering such treatment and discovering it to be a danger to an individual; and (2) the positive effects of an unconventional medical treatment for a life-threatening medical condition. Allows an individual to introduce or deliver into interstate commerce, or to produce, transport, receive, or hold, a food, drug, device, or equipment solely for use in accordance with this Act if there have been no advertising claims made by the manufacturer, distributor, or seller with respect to a medical treatment. Requires notification to the Secretary if: (1) an individual imports a shipment of a food, drug, device, or any other equipment; or (2) a manufacturer intends to deliver an unapproved drug, device, or other equipment into interstate commerce.

States that nothing in this Act shall in any way adversely affect the distribution or sale of dietary supplements.
Foreign Oil Displacement Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow an investment credit for carbonaceous fuels conversion facilities, defined as facilities for producing: (1) oil from shale and tar sands; (2) gas from geopressured brine, Devonian shale, coal seams, or a tight formation, or from biomass; and (3) liquid, gaseous, or solid synthetic fuels from coal (including lignite, standard anthracite, peat, and any byproduct from a coal, culm, or silt preparation facility containing fixed carbon and including such fuels when used as feedstocks).  Provides for recapture.
Guadalupe-Hidalgo Treaty Land Claims Act of 2009 - Establishes the Guadalupe-Hidalgo Treaty Land Claims Commission to determine the validity of land claims arising out of the Treaty of Guadalupe-Hidalgo of 1848.

Authorizes three or more eligible descendants of the same community land grant to petition the Commission on behalf of themselves and all other descendants. Directs the Commission to recommend appropriate relief to a valid petition, including whether the community land grant should be reconstituted and its non-federal lands restored.

Directs the Commission to establish a Community Land Grant Study Center at the Onate Center in Alcalde, New Mexico, to assist the Commission with necessary research and investigations. Directs the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to make necessary personnel, equipment, and facilities available to the Commission. Terminates the Commission 180 days the Commission submits its final report as required by this Act.
United States-Mexico Transboundary Aquifer Assessment Act - (Sec. 3) Defines specified terms. (Sec. 4) Establishes a United States-Mexico transboundary aquifer assessment program to characterize, map, and model groundwater resources along the border. Describes as the program's objectives to: (1) develop an integrated approach to assess priority transboundary aquifers, including creating or enhancing a geographic information system database for each priority aquifer; (2) consider expanding existing agreements between the U.S. Geological Survey, the participating states (Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas), the water resources research institutes, and appropriate U.S. and Mexican authorities to conduct joint scientific investigations and archive and share relevant data; and (3) produce scientific products for each priority aquifer to provide water managers and natural resource agencies with necessary information.

Directs the Secretary of the Interior to designate as priority transboundary aquifers the: (1) Hueco Bolson and Mesilla aquifers; (2) Santa Cruz River Valley aquifers; and (3) San Pedro aquifers.

Authorizes the Secretary to: (1) designate additional aquifers which underlie Texas or New Mexico; and (2) provide grants or enter into agreements with water resources research institutes and participating state entities to carry out the program.

Directs the Secretary to develop partnerships with relevant organizations in Mexico to carry out the program.

(Sec. 5) Directs the Secretary to: (1) coordinate activities with water resource agencies in the participating states, affected Indian tribes, and other entities conducting monitoring and metering activities, including the International Boundary and Water Commission; and (2) work with participating state water resource agencies, water resources research institutes, and other relevant entities to develop a study plan, timeline, and cost estimate for each priority transboundary aquifer to be studied under the program.

Prohibits the Secretary from initiating any field studies before consulting and coordinating with the participating state water resource agency with jurisdiction over the aquifer.

(Sec. 6) Prohibits anything in this Act from affecting: (1) the jurisdiction or responsibility of a participating state with respect to managing its surface or groundwater resources; (2) the water rights of any person or entity using water from a transboundary aquifer; or (3) state water law, or an interstate compact or international treaty governing water.

Prohibits anything in this Act from delaying or altering the implementation or operation of any works constructed, modified, acquired, or used within the territorial limits of the United States relating to the waters governed by the Treaty Between the United States and Mexico Regarding Utilization of Waters of the Colorado and Tijuana Rivers and of the Rio Grande, Treaty Series 994.

(Sec. 7) Sets forth program reporting requirements.

(Sec. 8) Authorizes FY2006-FY2016 appropriations. Obligates 50% of such funds for entities in the participating states (including Sandia National Laboratories, state agencies, universities, the Tri-Regional Planning Group, and other relevant organizations) and Mexico to conduct program activities, including the binational collection and exchange of scientific data.

(Sec. 9) Terminates the Secretary's authority under this Act 10 years after its enactment.
Families Learning and Understanding English Together Act of 2007 - Authorizes the Secretary of Education to make grants to providers of family literacy services to improve the literacy and English skills of limited English proficient individuals who are parents or children in families where each parent is at least 16 years old and where at least one child is under age eight.

Directs the Secretary to reserve certain funds to: (1) provide technical assistance and training to such grantees; (2) make grants to, or enter contracts with, national organizations that have family literacy service expertise to provide grantees with technical assistance and training; and (3) evaluate and improve such grant program.

Requires grantees to meet specified outcome measures.
Advance Directives Improvement and Education Act of 2007 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to provide for Medicare coverage of end-of-life planning and consultations as part of an initial preventive physical examination.

Requires a service provider, Medicare Advantage organization, or prepaid or eligible organization to give effect to an advance directive executed outside the state in which it is presented, even one that does not appear to meet the formalities of execution, form, or language required by the state in which it is presented, to the same extent as such provider or organization would give effect to an advanced directive that meets such requirements. Permits a provider or organization to decline to honor such a directive if it can be reasonably demonstrated that it is not an authentic expression of the individual's wishes concerning his or her health care. Makes such advance directive requirements applicable under SSA title XIX (Medicaid).

Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, directly or through grants, to: (1) conduct a national education campaign to raise public awareness of the importance of planning for care near the end of life; and (2) provide for a national, toll-free information clearinghouse, as well as clearinghouses that the public may access to find out about state-specific information regarding advance directives and end-of-life decisions.

Requires the General Accounting Office to study and report to Congress on the feasibility of a national registry for advanced directives.
Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide scholarships to individuals pursuing education or training in behavioral health care specialties that are critical to the operations of Vet Centers (centers for readjustment counseling and related mental health services for veterans) in order to recruit and retain individuals with such specialties for service in Vet Centers. Conditions the scholarship on agreeing to serve in such a capacity for whatever period the Secretary specifies in the agreement.

Makes any Armed Forces member who serves in Operation Iraqi Freedom or Operation Enduring Freedom eligible for readjustment counseling and related mental health services through Vet Centers regardless of whether the member is on active duty at the time of receipt of counseling and services.

Directs the Secretary, on receipt of a request for counseling from an individual who has been discharged or released from active service, to: (1) provide referrals to assist the individual in obtaining mental health care and services outside the Department of Veterans Affairs; and (2) if pertinent, advise such individual of the individual's rights to apply for review of the discharge or release.

Treats the suicide of a former member that occurs within two years after separation or retirement, if the member had a medical history of a combat-related mental health condition, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), or Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI), as a death in line of duty for purposes of the survivors' eligibility to burial benefits and benefits under the Survivor Benefit Plan, laws administered by the Secretary, and the Social Security Act.

Directs the Secretary of Defense to award grants to nonprofit organizations that provide emotional support services for survivors of deceased members of the Armed Forces and deceased veterans through the survivors' peers.
Four Corners Interpretive Center Act - Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to establish the Four Corners Interpretive Center within the boundaries of the Four Corners Monument Tribal Park using land designated and made available by the Navajo Nation or the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe. 
Authorizes the Secretary, under specified conditions, to award a Federal grant to a recipient (Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, or Utah, or any consortium of two or more of these States) for up to 50 percent of the cost to construct the Center. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Small Business Lending and Credit Availability Act of 1993 - Amends the Small Business Act to direct the Small Business Administration (SBA) to participate in loans to small businesses located in States in which one or more insured depository institutions have been closed due to inability to meet depositor demands.  Directs the SBA to guarantee 90 percent of any such loan for amounts between $200,000 and $500,000, and 95 percent of any such loan for amounts less than $200,000. Prohibits the SBA from collecting a guarantee fee from the lending institution or the borrower for such loan participation during the first two years of such participation, with a one percent (of the loan) fee permitted for the third through fifth years.  Authorizes lenders to retain one-half of any fee so collected in order to encourage lenders to provide loans to small businesses located in areas of failed depository institutions.  Limits the loan participation program to five years.
Military Family Stability Act of 2015 This bill allows a member of the Armed Forces undergoing a permanent change of station and the member's spouse to jointly elect that the spouse may relocate to the new location at the time during the covered relocation period as the member and spouse jointly select. The following families are eligible:   the spouse is employed, or enrolled in a degree, certificate or license-granting program, at the beginning of the covered relocation period;  the member and spouse have one or more children in school;  the spouse or children are covered under the Exceptional Family Member Program;  the member and spouse are caring for an immediate family member with a chronic or long-term illness; or  the member is undergoing a permanent change of station as an individual augmentee or other deployment arrangement.  Families with other needs may receive exceptions granted by military commanders on a case-by-case basis. A member undergoing a permanent change of station who has one or more specified dependents and is no longer married to the individual who is or was the parent of such dependents at the beginning of the covered period of relocation may elect that such dependents relocate to the new location as follows:   by the member alone if the former spouse is dead or has no custodial rights, or  by the member and the former spouse jointly in all other circumstances.  Housing provisions are as follows:   if a member's spouse relocates first the member shall be assigned to quarters or other U.S. housing facilities as a bachelor until the date of the member's permanent change of station;  if a member's spouse and dependents reside in U.S. housing at the beginning of the covered relocation period, the spouse and dependents may continue to reside in such housing throughout the covered period of relocation regardless of the date of the member's permanent change of station; and  if a member's spouse and dependents are eligible to reside in U.S. housing following the member's permanent change of station, the spouse and dependents may commence residing in such housing at any time during the covered relocation period regardless of the date of the member's permanent change of station.   In the case of a member undergoing a permanent change of station who is paid basic housing allowance at the "with dependents" rate at the beginning of the covered relocation period, the member shall be paid at such rate for months beginning during the covered relocation period regardless of the date on which the member's spouse and dependents relocate or the member is assigned to bachelor's quarters or facilities. The geographic location of the dependents shall govern in determining the portion of basic housing allowance payable to a member with respect to the member's dependents.  A member shall be provided with housing reimbursement if quarters are not available for the member's assignment until the date on which the member and the member's spouse reside in the same geographic area after the permanent change of station. Transportation allowances authorized for personal property of a member and spouse may be allocated as the member and spouse select. The Department of Defense shall establish a single application approval process for coverage under this Act which shall apply uniformly among the Armed Forces.
Violence Prevention Training for Early Childhood Educators Act - Authorizes the Secretary of Education to award grants for a specified period to enable selected institutions of higher education and other qualified entities to provide violence prevention training as part of the early childhood education training programs they offer. 
Prescribes application procedures and selection priorities. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Building a Health Care Workforce for the Future Act This bill amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to award matching grants to enable states to implement scholarship programs to ensure an adequate supply of health professionals. Scholarships must cover tuition and educational expenses and provide a cost-of-living stipend. Scholarship recipients must agree to serve as providers in shortage areas in the state for one year for each year they receive the scholarship. HHS may award grants to assist medical schools in developing and strengthening primary care mentorship programs and cultivating leaders in primary care among its students. In order to foster curricular innovations to improve the education and training of health care providers, HHS must award grants to medical and other health professions schools to promote priority competencies that are selected annually by the Advisory Committee on Training in Primary Care Medicine and Dentistry. The National Academy of Medicine (formerly known as the Institute of Medicine) must study the documentation requirements for cognitive services under Medicare, Medicaid, and private health insurers, including whether the requirements are overly burdensome.
Kisatchie National Forest Land Conveyance Act This bill authorizes the Department of Agriculture (USDA) to sell specified federal land in Winn Parish, Louisiana. USDA shall convey a portion of that land to Collins Camp Properties, Inc.
21st Century Housing Act - Amends the Housing Act of 1948 to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), in carrying out any program through the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) to: (1) appoint and fix the compensation of Administration personnel; and (2) use premium-generated income for information technology upgrades.

Amends the National Housing Act to: (1) extend the maturity term for insured mortgages; (2) revise mortgage insurance eligibility criteria and requirements for premium charges; (3) authorize waiver of certain requirements for new product initiatives; (4) increase the maximum mortgage amount limit for multifamily housing in high-cost areas; (5) increase the FHA single family housing maximum mortgage limit; and (6) increase the capital ratio for the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund.

Increases prerequisites for insured mortgages covering condominiums to require that the condomium project have a HUD-insured blanket morgage.
Combating Terrorism Financing Act of 2005 - Amends the International Emergency Economic Powers Act to increase penalties for violating a license, order, or regulation under the Act.

Amends the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) to expand its scope to include offenses relating to the financing of terrorism and violations of the Social Security Act relating to obtaining funds through the misuse of a social security number. Authorizes the Department of Homeland Security to investigate violations of money laundering and related offenses. Directs that a transaction or transfer of funds be considered to involve the proceeds of specified unlawful activity if it is part of a set of parallel or dependent transactions involving such proceeds.

Amends the federal criminal code to: (1) provide for civil forfeiture to the United States of the assets of any individual or organization engaged in planning or perpetrating an act of international terrorism against any international organization or against any foreign government; and (2) establish procedures for contesting the confiscation of assets of suspected international terrorists.

Amends RICO to make receiving military-type training from a foreign terrorist organization a predicate offense to violation of money laundering provisions.
Small Business Paperwork Relief Act of 2001 - Amends the Paperwork Reduction Act to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, annually, to publish in the Federal Register and make available on the Internet a list of the paperwork compliance resources available to small businesses. Requires the following Federal agencies, also within one year, to establish one agency point of contact to act as a liaison with small businesses with respect to the collection of information and the control of paperwork: (1) each agency with a head listed at level I on the Executive Schedule; and (2) the Federal Communications Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Environmental Protection Agency.Requires each agency to make efforts to: (1) further reduce the paperwork burden for small businesses with fewer than 25 employees; and (2) eliminate any unnecessary paperwork burdens.Establishes a task force to study and report to the Director, specified congressional committees, and the Small Business and Agriculture Regulatory Enforcement Ombudsman on the feasibility of streamlining requirements with respect to small businesses regarding the collection of information and strengthening the dissemination of information.Amends the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996 to require each agency to submit, biennially, to the Director and such committees information concerning regulatory enforcement actions taken and civil penalties assessed, including actions and assessments against small businesses.
Directs the Secretary to require that the District and cooperating non-Federal agencies or organizations pay: (1) 25 percent of project construction costs; and (2) 100 percent of project operation, maintenance, and replacement and rehabilitation costs. Permits funds made available under this Act to: (1) be used to fund all costs incurred for planning, design, and environmental compliance activities by the District or by local agencies; and (2) be made available only to a District or a local agency that enters into a binding agreement with the Secretary that provides that the District or local agency shall pay the non-Federal share of construction costs and that governs the funding of planning, design, and compliance activities costs.
Authorizes appropriations.
(Sec. 4) Prohibits the discharge of or any other discrimination against an individual for opposing any act or practice made unlawful by this Act, or for assisting in an investigation or proceeding under it.
(Sec. 5) Directs courts, in any action brought under this Act for violation of such prohibition, to allow expert fees as part of the costs awarded to prevailing plaintiffs. Allows any such action to be maintained as a class action.
(Sec. 6) Requires employers subject to such prohibition to: (1) preserve records which document and support the method, system, calculations, and other bases used by the employer in establishing, adjusting, and determining the wages paid to their employees, for periods of time prescribed by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC); and (2) make reports to the EEOC.
(Sec. 7) Directs the EEOC to: (1) undertake studies and provide information and technical assistance to employers, labor organizations, and the general public concerning effective means available to implement this Act; (2) carry on a continuing program of research, education, and technical assistance with specified components related to the purposes of this Act; and (3) include a separate evaluation and appraisal regarding the implementation of this Act in its annual report to the Congress.
H-Prize Act of 2007 - Directs the Secretary of Energy to award competitive cash prizes to advance the research, development, demonstration, and commercial application of hydrogen energy technologies.

Designates prize-eligible categories, including: (1) advancements in certain hydrogen components or systems; (2) prototypes of hydrogen-powered vehicles or other hydrogen-based products that meet or exceed certain performance criteria; and (3) transformational changes in technologies for hydrogen distribution or production that meet or exceed far-reaching criteria, including minimal carbon emissions, and which may include cost criteria designed to facilitate the eventual market success of a winning technology.
Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2017  This bill states that it is U.S. policy to regard the prevention of genocide and other atrocity crimes as a core national security interest and a core moral responsibility.   The President shall instruct the Department of State to establish a Mass Atrocities Task Force to strengthen State Department efforts and assist other agency efforts at atrocity prevention and response.  The Foreign Service Act of 1980 is amended to provide for the training of Foreign Service Officers in conflict and atrocity crimes prevention.   The Director of National Intelligence is encouraged to include in his or her annual testimony to Congress on threats to U.S. national security: (1) a review of countries and regions at risk of atrocity crimes; and (2) specific countries and regions at immediate risk of atrocity crimes, including most likely pathways to violence, specific risk factors, potential perpetrators, and at-risk target groups.  The bill establishes the Complex Crises Fund to enable the State Department and the U.S. Agency for International Development to support programs and activities to prevent or respond to emerging or unforeseen foreign challenges and complex crises overseas, including potential atrocity crimes. Fund amounts may not be expended for lethal assistance or to respond to natural disasters.
Clean Vehicle Corridors Act - Requires the Secretary of Transportation (DOT) to: (1) designate at least five Clean Vehicle Corridors along federal highways, interstates, or other contiguous highways after consulting with specified agencies; and (2) encourage the addition of cleaner alternative fuel options and other supporting infrastructure along the corridors and the inclusion of existing and private facilities in the corridor. Defines &quot;cleaner alternative fuels&quot; to include: (1) compressed natural gas, (2) liquefied natural gas, (3) liquefied petroleum gas (also known as propane), (4) plug-in electric, (5) advanced biofuels, and (6) hydrogen. Authorizes the Secretary to provide waivers of statutory restrictions for cleaner alternative fuel projects and vehicles along Clean Vehicle Corridors. Requires the Secretary to: (1) maintain a publicly accessible website containing information and resources for corridors, (2) identify best practices and case studies of communities and complementary programs that have successfully promoted cleaner alternative fuel use in consultation with federal agencies, tribes, states, and Clean Cities, (3) identify all existing technical and financial mechanisms available to promote the development of cleaner alternative fuel infrastructure, and (4) collaborate with the Secretary of Energy (DOE) and all relevant Clean Vehicle Corridor stakeholders to collect data on cleaner alternative fueling station usage patterns. Authorizes: (1) two or more contiguous states to enter into an interstate compact to establish Clean Vehicle Corridor partnerships to facilitate planning for and siting of necessary facilities within those states; and (2) the Secretary, in consultation with the DOE Secretary, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), to provide technical assistance to interstate compact partnerships.
Requires the Secretary to object to the inclusion of any property in the United States on the list of World Heritage in Danger (established under the Convention) unless the Secretary: (1) has reported to the Congress on the necessity for such inclusion, the natural resources associated with the property, and the impact such inclusion would have on existing and future uses of such property; and (2) is specifically authorized to assent to the inclusion by a joint resolution of the Congress enacted after the report is submitted. Directs the Secretary to submit an annual report to specified congressional committees on the management of each World Heritage Site within the United States.
(Sec. 4) Prohibits any Federal official from nominating any lands in the United States for designation as a Biosphere Reserve under the Man and Biosphere Program of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization. Provides that any such designation before enactment of this Act shall not have any force or effect, unless the Biosphere Reserve: (1) is specifically authorized by a law enacted before December 31, 2000; (2) consists solely of federally owned lands; and (3) is subject to a management plan that specifically ensures that the use of intermixed or adjacent non-Federal property is not limited or restricted as a result of that designation. Directs the Secretary of State to report annually to specified congressional committees information on the management of each Biosphere Reserve within the United States.
(Sec. 5) Prohibits any Federal official from nominating, classifying, or designating any Federal land located within the United States for a special or restricted use under any international agreement for conserving, preserving, or protecting the terrestrial or marine environment, flora, or fauna (with specified exceptions) unless specifically authorized by law, but authorizes the President to submit proposals for authorizing legislation. Provides that any such nomination, classification, or designation of private or State or local lands shall have no force or effect without the owner's consent or specific authorization by State or local law, respectively.
Oglala Sioux Tribe Angostura Irrigation Project Modernization and Development Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to: (1) carry out the modernization and improvement of facilities at the Angostura Irrigation Unit of the Pick-Sloan Missouri River basin program; and (2) provide for the delivery of water saved through such modernization and improvement for fish and wildlife purposes and environmental restoration on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation (South Dakota). Authorizes appropriations.

Establishes in the Treasury the Oglala Sioux Tribal Development Trust Fund. Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to: (1) deposit $92.5 million into such Trust Fund by the first day of the 11th fiscal year after the enactment of this Act; and (2) make payments to the Oglala Sioux Tribe of the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation as requested by the Tribe pursuant to tribal resolution. Requires the Tribal Council to prepare a plan for the use of such payments for economic and infrastructure development and for educational, health, recreational, and social welfare objectives of the Tribe or members of the Tribe. Provides for the review and updating of such plan and the auditing of the activities of the Tribe in carrying out the plan. Prohibits payments to any member of the Tribe on a per capita basis.

States that no payment made to the Tribe under this Act shall result in the reduction or denial of any service or program to which the Tribe or any member of the Tribe is otherwise entitled under federal law.

Authorizes appropriations to pay the administrative expenses of the Trust Fund.

Declares that nothing in this Act affects: (1) any right or claim of the Tribe under the Treaty of Fort Laramie of September 17, 1851, or April 29, 1868; or (2) reserved water rights of the Tribe.
Coltsville National Historical Park Act - (Sec. 3) Establishes the Coltsville National Historical Park as a unit of the National Park System in Connecticut.

Bars the establishment of the Park until it is determined that specified conditions have been met, including that: (1) Connecticut, the city of Hartford, or private property owner, as appropriate, has entered into a written agreement with the Secretary of the Interior to donate at least 10,000 square feet of space in the East Armory; and (2) the Secretary has entered into a written agreement with the state, city, or other public entity, as appropriate, which provides that land owned by such an entity within the Coltsville Historic District shall be managed consistent with land uses that are compatible with the designation of the Park and the city's preservation ordinance.

Requires the Park to provide interpretation and viewing of specified sites, including the East Armory and Colt Park. Requires the Secretary to enter into a written agreement with the Connecticut State Library, Wadsworth Atheneum, and the Colt Trust, or other public entities, as appropriate, to gain access to Colt-related artifacts to have them on display in the East Armory or within the Park.

(Sec. 4) Prohibits anything in this Act from enlarging, diminishing, or modifying any authority of the state or any of its political subdivisions.

Authorizes the Secretary to enter into cooperative agreements with the owners of any properties within the Historic District or any nationally significant properties within the Park under which the Secretary may identify, interpret, restore and provide technical assistance for the preservation of such properties.

Bars the making of any changes or alterations to any properties covered by such an agreement unless the Secretary and the other party to the agreement agree to the changes or alterations.

Requires any payment made by the Secretary under this section to be subject to an agreement that the conversion, use, or disposal of a project for purposes contrary to the purposes of this section shall entitle the United States to reimbursement.

Requires any federal funds under such an agreement to be matched on a one-to-one basis by non-federal funds.

Permits the acquisition of lands or interests owned by the state or any political subdivision of the state by donation only.

Authorizes the Secretary to provide technical assistance and public interpretation of related historic and cultural resources within the Historic District.

(Sec. 5) Requires the Secretary to complete and submit to Congress a management plan for the Park with the advice of the Coltsville National Historical Park Advisory Commission established by this Act.

Requires the management plan to include provisions that identify the costs to be shared by the federal government, the state, and the city, and other public or private entities or individuals for necessary capital improvements to and maintenance and operations of the Park.

(Sec. 6) Directs the Commission to advise the Secretary in the implementation of the management plan.

Terminates the Commission 10 years after enactment of this Act. Allows the Commission to be extended for an additional 10-year period, if necessary.

(Sec. 7) Authorizes appropriations for the development of the Park.
Taxpayer Protection Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to repeal provisions enacted by the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to enter into contracts with private collection agencies for the collection of taxes.
Technology Retraining and Investment Now Act for the 21st Century - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a tax credit for 50 percent of the information and communications technology education and training program expenses of individuals and employees, up to $4,000 in a taxable year. Increases the allowable amount of such credit to $5,000 for expenses for a program operated: (1) in an empowerment zone, enterprise community, or renewal community; (2) in a school district in which at least 50 percent of the students are eligible for free or reduced-cost lunches; (3) in an federally-declared disaster area; (4) in certain rural areas receiving federal assistance; (5) in an Indian tribal jurisdiction; (6) by an employer with 200 or fewer employees during a specified period; or (7) for a disabled individual.

Defines "information technology education and training program expenses" to include: (1) course work; (2) certification testing; (3) apprenticeship programs registered by the Department of Labor; and (4) other expenses essential to assessing skill acquisition.

Redefines "eligible educational institution" to include a commercial information and communications technology training provider.

Establishes an Information Technology Training Certification Advisory Board to develop: (1) guidelines for computer science, information technology, and related college courses; and (2) a list of the information technology training and certifications that qualify for the tax credit established by this Act.
Nevada Test Site Veterans' Compensation Act of 2006 - Amends the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 to set forth criteria for the inclusion of certain nuclear weapons program workers in the special exposure cohort under the energy employees occupational illness compensation program.

Establishes a deadline for claims adjudication.
Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act of 2010 - Prohibits a state or local jurisdiction from imposing multiple or discriminatory taxes on or with respect to the sale or use of digital goods or services delivered or transferred electronically to a customer.

Restricts taxation of digital goods and services to the retail sale of such goods and services and by the jurisdiction encompassing a customer's tax address.

Prohibits the use of existing regulations or administrative rulings relating to the taxation of tangible personal property or other services to impose any tax on the sale or use of digital goods or services.

Prohibits taxation on or with respect to the sale or use of digital medical, education, or energy management services.

Provides that if charges for digital goods and services are not separately stated from charges for other goods or services, the charges for digital goods and services may be taxed at the same rate and on the same basis as charges for other goods and services unless the seller can reasonably identify the charges for digital goods and services from its business records.

Grants jurisdiction to federal district courts to prevent a violation of this Act.

Expresses the sense of Congress that each state shall take reasonable steps to prevent multiple taxation of digital goods and services where a foreign country has imposed a tax on such goods and services.
Gas Price Spike Act of 2012 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) impose an excise tax on the windfall profit from the sale of any crude oil, natural gas, or fuel which is the product of crude oil or natural gas; and (2) allow a tax credit for the purchase of certain fuel-efficient automobiles assembled in the United States by individuals employed under a collective bargaining agreement. Defines "windfall profit" as so much of the profit from sales of oil and natural gas as exceeds a reasonable profit. Establishes a Reasonable Profits Board to make reasonable profit determinations for purposes of applying the windfall profit tax.

Authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to make grants to mass transit systems, including bus and commuter rail systems, for reducing passenger fares.
Removing Excess Litigation Involving Energy on Federal Lands Act or RELIEF Act - Requires all causes and claims that arise from a covered energy project to be filed within 60 days after a federal action or decision that constitutes the covered energy project concerned.

(Defines a covered energy project as a federal action or decision concerning the leasing of federal lands, including submerged lands, for the exploration, development, production, processing, or transmission of any source or form of energy, including actions and decisions regarding the selection or offering of federal lands for such leasing.)

Bars any cause or claim that is not filed within such time period. Requires all such proceedings to: (1) be resolved within 180 days after the cause or claim is filed, and (2) take precedence over other pending matters before the district court.

Confers exclusive appellate jurisdiction for such actions upon the U.S. Supreme Court.

Presumes the correctness of any administrative findings and conclusions relating to a challenged federal action under this Act unless the administrative record shows otherwise by clear and convincing evidence. Requires prospective relief to: (1) be narrowly drawn, (2) extend no further than necessary to correct the violation of a federal law requirement, and (3) be the least intrusive means necessary to correct the violation.

Requires a petitioner seeking judicial review of any action, or failure to act, under this Act who is not a prevailing party to pay to the prevailing parties (including intervening parties), other than the United States, fees and other expenses incurred in connection with such review, unless the Court finds that the petitioner was either substantially justified or that special circumstances make an award unjust.
School Food Modernization Act - Amends the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture (USDA) to issue loan guarantees to local educational agencies (LEAs) or school food authorities administering or operating a school lunch program, tribal organizations, or consortia of such entities to finance the construction, remodeling, or expansion of infrastructure or the purchase of durable equipment that will facilitate their provision of healthy meals through the school lunch program.  Requires the Secretary to give a preference to applicants that demonstrate a substantial or disproportionate need for food service infrastructure or durable equipment. Prohibits a loan guarantee from covering more than 80% of a loan's principal. Requires the Secretary to establish fees for the loan guarantee program that: (1) are sufficient to cover the federal government's administrative costs in operating the program, and (2) may be based on the risk premium associated with the particular loan or loan guarantee. Directs the Secretary to award competitive matching grants to assist LEAs or school food authorities administering or operating a school lunch program, tribal organizations, or consortia of such entities in purchasing the durable equipment and infrastructure they need to serve healthier meals and improve food safety.  Requires the Secretary to give grant priority to applicants that: (1) have identified and are reasonably expected to meet an unmet local or community need, and (2) are located in states that have enacted funding measures to assist them with such purchases. Prohibits such a grant from covering more than 80% of the total cost of the durable equipment and infrastructure. Directs the Secretary to award competitive matching grants to experienced third-party training institutions to provide school food service personnel with the training and technical assistance they need to meet updated school lunch program nutrition standards. Prohibits such a grant from covering more than 80% of the total cost of the training and technical assistance.
Lifetime Prosperity Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) make permanent the tax credit for retirement savings contributions; (2) revise the applicable percentage and dollar limitations for such credit; (3) provide for an inflation adjustment to adjusted gross income limitations applicable to such credit; and (4) allow a tax credit for contributions to Roth IRAs for children (under age 25).
Heart Disease Education, Analysis Research, and Treatment for Women Act or the HEART for Women Act - (Sec. 2) Directs to the Comptroller General to study and report to specified congressional committees on the extent to which sponsors of clinical studies of investigational drugs, biologics, and devices and sponsors of applications for approval or licensure of new drugs, biologics, and devices comply with Food and Drug Administration (FDA) requirements and follow guidance for presentation of clinical study safety and effectiveness data by sex, age, and racial subgroups. Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to submit to such committees a response to the the Comptroller General's report, including a corrective action plan as needed to respond to the recommendations in such report.

(Sec. 3) Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary to report to Congress on the quality of, and access to, care for women with heart disease, stroke, and other cardiovascular diseases, including recommendations for eliminating disparities in, and improving the treatment of, heart disease, stroke, and other cardiovascular diseases in women.

(Sec. 4) Expands and reauthorizes appropriations for FY2012-FY2016 for a program to award grants for preventive heath services and referrals for medical treatment for women through entities that are screening women for breast or cervical cancer.
Internet Stopping Adults Facilitating the Exploitation of Today's Youth Act (SAFETY) of 2007 - Amends the federal criminal code to prohibit: (1) financial transactions in interstate or foreign commerce that facilitate access to, or the possession of, child pornography; and (2) Internet content hosting providers or email service providers from facilitating access to, or the possession of, child pornography.

Amends the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 to: (1) increase monetary penalties for willful failure of electronic communication service providers to report child pornography; and (2) impose new penalties for negligent failure to report.

Requires the Attorney General to issue regulations governing the retention of certain records by Internet Service Providers.

Increases criminal penalties for the sexual exploitation of children and for activities involving the sexual exploitation of children and child pornography.

Requires commercial website operators to place warning marks prescribed by the Federal Trade Commission on web pages that contain sexually explicit materials.

Authorizes appropriations for FY2008-FY2012 for the Innocent Images National Initiative.
Family Dairy Farmer and Rural Community Rescue Act of 2002 - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to carry out counter-cyclical income support programs for dairy producers in participating and nonparticipating States through 2011. (Each State to be a participant unless it elects otherwise.) Limits individual or entity payments to 230,000 pounds of milk per month.Provides with respect to the participating State program for: (1) specified marketing area target prices; (2) five regional supply management districts; (3) specified payment rates; and (4) establishment in the Treasury of a National Dairy Producers Trust Fund.
Keep Our Promise to America's Children and Teachers Act - Keep Our PACT Act - Makes appropriations in order to provide for the full funding of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as amended by the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001 (ESEA-NCLBA), and for the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA).

Makes such appropriations for ESEA-NCLBA programs in amounts for each of FY 2006 through 2011 which equal the difference between other appropriations and specified amounts for each of those fiscal years.

Amends IDEA to authorize and make appropriations for: (1) each of FY 2006 through 2011 in specified amounts; and (2) for FY 2012 and each subsequent fiscal year, in the amount that is the total for all States of the maximum amounts necessary to fully fund 40 percent of the average per pupil expenditure for IDEA part B programs of assistance for education of all children with disabilities.
Minority Serving Institution Digital and Wireless Technology Opportunity Act of 2005 - Amends the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 to direct the Secretary of Commerce to establish a Minority Serving Institution Digital and Wireless Technology Opportunity Program to assist eligible educational institutions in acquiring, and augmenting use of, digital and wireless networking technologies to improve the quality and delivery of educational services at such institutions. Defines as eligible institutions: (1) historically Black colleges or universities, (2) a Hispanic-, Alaskan Native-, or Native Hawaiian-serving institution; (3) a tribally controlled college or university; or (4) an institution with a sufficient enrollment of needy students as defined under the Higher Education Act of 1965. Outlines authorized assistance activities. Directs the Under Secretary of Commerce for Technology to: (1) establish an advisory council to advise on the best approaches toward maximum Program participation by eligible institutions; and (2) ensure that grant awards are made to all types of eligible institutions.

Provides a matching funds requirement. Limits grant awards to $2.5 million per institution. Requires: (1) each grant recipient to report annually to the Under Secretary on grant uses; (2) the National Academy of Public Administration to conduct periodic assessments (every three years) of the grant program; and (3) the Under Secretary to transmit such assessments to Congress, along with plans to implement any recommendations of the Academy.

Authorizes appropriations for FY2006-FY2010.
Congressional Hunger Fellows Act of 1997 - Establishes as an independent entity within the executive branch the Congressional Hunger Fellows Program to establish fellowships to develop and train individuals for careers in humanitarian service.  Establishes a Board of Trustees to supervise and direct the Program. 
Limits fellowship periods to 12 months. 
Establishes the Congressional Hunger Fellows Trust Fund for the deposit and receipt of Program funds.  Requires an annual audit of Program accounts. 
Requires the Board to appoint a Program Executive Director. 
Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer to the Program a specified amount of the surplus funds available for encouraging exportation and domestic consumption of agricultural products. 
Requires the Board to report annually to the Secretary and the Congress on Program activities.
(This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the Senate on April 25, 2016.  Native American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience Act or the NATIVE Act (Sec. 4) This bill requires the Department of Commerce, the Department of the Interior, and federal agencies with recreational travel or tourism functions to update their management plans and tourism initiatives to include Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and Native Hawaiian organizations. The plans must outline proposals to:   improve travel and tourism data collection and analysis, increase the usability of public information and federal websites, support national tourism goals, identify programs that could support tourism infrastructure in Native American communities, develop visitor portals and assets that showcase and respect the diversity of Native Americans, share local Native American heritage through the development of bilingual signage, and improve access to transportation programs for building capacity for Native American community tourism and trade.  Interior and Commerce must: (1) work with a facilitator to provide technical assistance to Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and Native Hawaiian organizations regarding participation in the tourism industry, and (2) report on departmental efforts supporting such participation. (Sec. 5) Federal agencies must: (1) support Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and Native Hawaiian organizations in showcasing their history, culture, and continuing vitality, enhancing or maintaining their distinctive cultural features, and providing authentic and respectful visitor experiences; (2) assist in interpreting the connections between Native Americans and the national identity of the United States; (3) enhance efforts to promote understanding and respect for diverse cultures in the United States and the relevance of those cultures; and (4) ensure that travelers at airports and ports of entry are welcomed in a manner that both showcases and respects the diversity of Native American communities. Grants relating to travel, recreation, or tourism for which Indian tribes, tribal organizations, or Native Hawaiian organizations are eligible may be used to: (1) support their efforts to present their story and culture, (2) revitalize Native American communities using the arts and humanities, and (3) carry out this Act. The Smithsonian Institution must work with Indian tribes, tribal organizations, Native Hawaiian organizations, and nonprofits to share collections and conduct joint research and projects with museums, educational organizations, and cultural organizations.
National Computer Recycling Act - Directs the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), after submitting to Congress the results of a study of waste materials in used computers that may be hazardous to human health or the environment along with related management recommendations, to require assessment of a fee on the sale to an end-user of any computer, monitor, or other designated electronic devices.

Exempts nonprofit organizations from the fee requirement. Authorizes the Administrator to create additional fee exemptions for sales that will likely result in maximum reuse of significant components and the disposal of remaining components in an environmentally sound and lawful manner. Requires fees collected to be used for administration of this Act and for making grants to eligible individuals or organizations for: (1) collecting or processing used computers, monitors, or other devices for recycling; (2) reusing or reselling such devices; and (3) extracting and using, or selling for reuse, raw materials from such devices. Requires reports to Congress on the status of computer recycling, which shall include descriptions of fee collection and use.
Cheaper Car Insurance Act of 2004 - Amends the Federal criminal code to prohibit automobile insurance fraud.

Directs the Department of Justice to publish best practices for the States to use in licensing: (1) auto body shops that perform work paid for by insurers; and (2) medical treatment provided to people who are injured in automobile accidents.

Requires the Attorney General to: (1) cooperate with the offices of the U.S. Attorneys to aggressively investigate fraudulent chop shops and salvage yards, to aggressively prosecute automobile insurance fraud, and to report statistics on investigations, prosecutions, and convictions; and (2) establish Federal-State-Local Anti-Auto Insurance Fraud Task Forces in the offices of the U.S. Attorneys in the ten U.S. cities that are most severely affected.

Grants an insurance company the right to require a mandatory inspection by an insurance company representative or agent of any motor vehicle prior to agreeing to provide insurance coverage. Permits a company to waive such right under specified circumstances. Allows an insurer to require a pre-insurance inspection of an otherwise exempt motor vehicle, but prohibits basing such decision on the age, race, sex, religion, or marital status of the applicant or insured or the fact that the vehicle has been insured through a residual or non-voluntary insurance market.
Protecting Our Democracy Act This bill establishes in the legislative branch the National Commission on Foreign Interference in the 2016 Election to investigate activities of the Russian government and others to use electronic means to influence, interfere with, or sow distrust in the elections for public office held in the United States in 2016.
Prohibits the use of funds for nonhumanitarian foreign assistance programs (including Agency for International Development (AID) activities) unless each recipient country and each international financial institution has demonstrated that significant progress is being made toward institutionalizing: (1) procurement practices that are open, transparent, and free of corruption, fraud, inefficiency, and other misuse; and (2) independent third-party procurement monitoring of government procurement in countries that lack necessary organization, resources, and expertise.
Specifies national security, emergency humanitarian, and other exceptions to the requirements of this Act.
Sierra National Forest Land Exchange Act of 2003 - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to convey specified land in Mt. Diablo Meridian, California, in exchange for certain non-Federal land and a payment of $50,000, if the owner of such land: (1) offers to make such exchange during the year following enactment of this Act; and (2) agrees to convey the Federal land to the Sequoia Council of the Boy Scouts of America within four months of receiving it. Assigns values to the lands to be conveyed.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) manage the non-Federal land received in accordance with the Weeks Act and other laws and regulations pertaining to National Forest System lands; and (2) deposit the cash payment received into the fund established by the Sisk Act, to be expended for the acquisition of lands and interests in lands for the National Forest System in California. Makes the owner of the non-Federal land responsible for all direct costs associated with processing the land exchange. Grants an easement to the owner of a specified hydroelectric project located on Federal land authorized for exchange under this Act. Requires that the easement owner be given the right of first offer for any subsequent conveyance of the Federal land by the Sequoia Council as a condition of the initial conveyance to the Council.
Victims of Abuse Insurance Protection Act - Prohibits insurers and health carriers from engaging in specified acts (such as denying, terminating, or limiting coverage) on the basis that the applicant or insured (or any person with whom the applicant or insured is associated) is, has been, or may be the subject of abuse involving household or family members, current or former spouses, or individuals in or formerly in a sexually intimate relationship.  Prohibits insurers from using, disclosing, or transferring information about an applicant's or insured's abuse status or abuse-related medical condition for any purpose unrelated to the direct provision of health care unless required by an order of an insurance regulatory entity, a court order, or abuse reporting laws. 
Requires an insurer that takes any adverse action relating to any plan or policy of an abuse subject (whether applicant or insured) to advise such individual of the specific reasons for the action. 
Regulates subrogation of claims resulting from abuse. 
Empowers the Federal Trade Commission to examine and investigate any insurer regarding compliance with this Act.  Provides for a private cause of action against the insurer in Federal or State court by an abuse subject applicant or insured claiming to be adversely affected by an act or practice of the insurer.
Stroke Treatment and Ongoing Prevention Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out a national education campaign to promote stroke prevention and increase the number of stroke patients who seek immediate treatment.

Requires the Secretary, acting through the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), to maintain the Paul Coverdell National Acute Stroke Registry and Clearinghouse by collecting specific data points and benchmarks for stroke care analysis and by compiling and disseminating information on State, local, and private care system achievements and problems.

Defines "stroke" as an attack in which blood flow to the brain is interrupted or in which a blood vessel or aneurysm in the brain breaks or ruptures.

Includes stroke and traumatic injury prevention, diagnosis, and treatment within the grant program for emergency medicine residency training.

Authorizes the Secretary, through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), to make grants to qualified entities for education programs for health care professionals in the use of diagnostic approaches, technologies, and therapies for stroke and traumatic injury prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation. Gives preference to qualified entities that will train professionals that serve areas with a significant incidence of stroke or traumatic injuries.

Authorizes the Secretary, through the Director of the Office for the Advancement of Telehealth, to make up to seven grants to States and to consortia of public and private entities in any non-grantee State to conduct a five-year pilot project to improve stroke patient outcomes by coordinating health care through telehealth networks.
Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act Amends the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992 to direct the Secretary of State to report to Congress on conditions in Hong Kong that are of U.S. interest by March 31, 2015, and annually thereafter for 10 years or until the Secretary certifies that Hong Kong has held free and fair elections for 2 consecutive Chief Executive and 2 consecutive Legislative Council periods.   Directs the Secretary to certify to Congress annually whether Hong Kong is sufficiently autonomous to justify separate treatment different from that accorded to China in any new laws, agreements, treaties, or arrangements entered into between the United States and Hong Kong.  Authorizes the President to waive this certification requirement if: (1) waiver is in the U.S. national interest, and (2) Congress is given a justification of the waiver on or before the date it takes effect.
Raw Sewage Overflow Community Right-to-Know Act - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to direct owners or operators of publicly owned treatment works to: (1) institute an alert system for sanitary sewer overflows; (2) notify the public of such overflows in areas where human health is potentially affected within 24 hours; (3) immediately notify public health authorities and other affected entities; and (4) provide specified reports to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) or the State.

 Makes the alert systems eligible for State water pollution control revolving fund assistance. Authorizes appropriations for such fund through FY 2012.
Higher Education Affordability and Equity Act of 2007 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) repeal the dollar limitation on the tax deduction for interest on education loans and expand eligibility for such deduction by revising the modified adjusted gross income phaseout for such deduction; (2) make the tax deduction for qualified tuition and related expenses permanent; (3) increase from $2,000 to $5,000 the maximum allowable contribution to a Coverdell savings account; (4) exclude from gross income amounts received for qualified higher education expenses (e.g., books, supplies, room, board, and special needs services); and (5) allow certain additional expenses (e.g., fees, books, supplies, and equipment) for purposes of the Hope Scholarship Tax Credit and provide that such tax credit shall not be reduced by Federal Pell Grants and Supplemental Educational Opportunity (SEOG) Grants.

Repeals the sunset provisions of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 (EGTRRA) applicable to title IV, subtitles A, B, and D (Affordable Education Provisions) of such Act.
Extinguishes certain Pueblo land and trespass claims. Sets forth provisions relating to the treatment of land or natural resources transferred by the Pueblo prior to this Act's enactment and ratifies such transfers. Makes this paragraph effective upon the entry of a compromise final judgment in the case of Pueblo of Santo Domingo v. United States.
Establishes the Pueblo of Santo Domingo Land Claims Settlement Fund from which funds may be expended by the Pueblo to acquire lands within the exterior boundaries of the exclusive aboriginal occupancy area of the Pueblo and for other tribal purposes. Authorizes appropriations. Prohibits disbursal of amounts in the Fund until: (1) the case of Pueblo of Santo Domingo v. Rael has been dismissed with prejudice; and (2) the compromise final judgment described above has been entered in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims.
Declares the boundaries of the Santo Domingo Pueblo Grant as determined by the 1907 Hall-Joy Survey to be the current boundaries and that any lands currently owned or hereafter acquired by the Pueblo within such boundaries or the Grant shall be considered to be Indian country.
Directs the Secretary of the Interior to acquire by exchange specified New Mexico trust lands and interests, including improvements, mineral rights, and water rights. Requires the properties so exchanged to be of approximately equal value. Requires the Secretary to convey such lands to the Pueblo of Santo Domingo and grants the Pueblo the exclusive right to acquire them. Permits the conveyance of such lands by the Pueblo to the Secretary who shall hold them in trust for the Pueblo's benefit.
Authorizes the exchange of the Pueblo's restricted land for lands private title to which was put at issue in Pueblo of Santo Domingo v. Rael. Approves any land exchange agreements between the Pueblo and any of the parties to such lawsuit that are executed no later than December 31, 2001. Permits the Pueblo to convey lands the Pueblo acquires to the Secretary who shall hold them in trust for the Pueblo's benefit.
Approves specified boundary dispute resolutions as enacted by the Tribal Council of the Pueblo de Cochiti and the Tribal Council of the Pueblo, including the Pueblo de Cochiti's agreement to relinquish its claim to the southwest corner of its Spanish Land Grant, to the extent of its overlap with the Santo Domingo Pueblo Grant, and to disclaim any right to receive compensation from the United States or any other party with respect to such overlapping lands.
Introduced High Productivity Investment Act of 2001 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow the expensing of the cost of high productivity property (defined as certain computer and computer related property, electronic equipment, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, optical fiber equipment, advanced environmental or life science products, and etc.). Directs that an election to treat property in such a fashion shall be made on an asset by asset basis, and that the cost of such property shall not include so much of the basis as is determined by reference to the basis of other property held at any time by the taxpayer. Provides for a recapture if the property is not used predominately in a trade or business at any time.Excludes certain property from qualifying for high productivity expensing.Makes permanent the 30 percent expensing for certain property acquired after September 10, 2001.Prescribes that the depreciation rules shall not be modified for purposes of the alternative minimum tax.
Directs the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection to: (1) reliquidate certain entries of aquascape relaxation bubble lights; (2) make such reliquidation at the rate of duty that would have been applicable to such merchandise if it had been liquidated under a specified subheading of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States on its date of entry; and (3) refund any amounts owed with interest.
Gallatin Range Consolidation and Protection Act of 1993 - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to acquire, by exchange and cash equalization, specified lands and interests along the Gallatin Range north of Yellowstone National Park, including lands:  (1) in and adjacent to the Hyalite-Porcupine-Buffalo Horn Wilderness Study Area, the Scapegoat Wilderness Area, and other land in the Gallatin National Forest from the Plum Creek Timber Company; and (2) in the Porcupine Area, the Taylor Fork Area, and other land within the Gallatin Range from Big Sky Lumber Company. 
Authorizes appropriations. 
Authorizes the Secretary, pursuant to an agreement with Burlington Resources, Incorporated, to acquire mineral interests owned by Burlington underlying surface lands owned by the United States and located within the Gallatin Area.  Requires such acquisition to be made through exchange to Burlington of other federally owned mining interests that the parties may agree to.  Requires consultation with the Secretary of the Interior prior to such exchange.
National AMBER Alert Network Act of 2003 - (Sec. 2) Requires the Attorney General to assign an AMBER Alert Coordinator of the Department of Justice to act as the national coordinator of the AMBER Alert communications network regarding abducted children. Requires the coordinator to: (1) seek to eliminate gaps in the network; (2) work with States to encourage the development of additional network elements and to ensure regional coordination; and (3) act as the nationwide point of contact for network development and for regional coordination of alerts on abducted children through the network. Directs the Coordinator to notify and consult with the Federal Bureau of Investigation concerning each child abduction for which an AMBER Alert is issued.(Sec. 3) Directs the Coordinator to establish minimum standards for the issuance of alerts and for the extent of their dissemination (limited to the geographic areas most likely to facilitate the recovery of the abducted child). Provides that the standards shall be adoptable on a voluntary basis only.Requires the Coordinator to cooperate with the Secretary of Transportation and the Federal Communications Commission in carrying out such activities.(Sec. 4) Requires the Secretary of Transportation to provide grants to States for the development or enhancement of notification or communications systems along highways for alerts and other information for the recovery of abducted children. Includes among permissible activities the development or enhancement of electronic message boards, and the placement of additional signage, along highways. Limits the Federal cost share to 50 percent. Directs the Secretary to ensure grant distribution on an equitable basis throughout the various regions of the United States. Authorizes appropriations.(Sec. 5) Directs the Attorney General to provide grants to States for the development or enhancement of programs and activities for the support of AMBER Alert communications plans, which may include the development and implementation of: (1) education and training programs and associated materials; and (2) law enforcement programs and associated equipment. Limits the Federal cost share to 50 percent. Directs the Secretary to ensure grant distribution on an equitable basis throughout the various regions of the United States. Authorizes appropriations.
Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act - Amends the Federal judicial code to exclude from the customs and tax exemption under tort claims procedures a claim based on the negligent destruction, injury, or loss of goods or merchandise (including real property) while in the possession of a customs or other law enforcement officer. 
Extends the period for filing claims in certain in rem proceedings. 
Amends the Tariff Act of 1930 to provide that:  (1) in all suits or actions brought for the forfeiture of any vessel, vehicle, aircraft, merchandise, or baggage seized under the provisions of any law relating to the collection of duties on imports or tonnage, with exceptions, and for the recovery of the value of any forfeited property because of violation of any such law, the burden of proof is on the Government to establish by clear and convincing evidence that the property was subject to forfeiture; (2) any person claiming such property may at any time within 60 days from the date of the first publication of the notice of seizure file a claim with the appropriate customs officer, who shall transmit such claim to the U.S. attorney for the district in which seizure was made; and (3) if the person filing such claim (or a claim regarding seized property under any other provision of law that incorporates by reference the seizure, forfeiture, and condemnation procedures of the customs laws) is financially unable to obtain representation, the court may appoint counsel, subject to specified requirements. 
Specifies that a claimant is entitled to immediate release of seized property if continued possession by the Government would cause the claimant substantial hardship.  Sets forth procedures regarding the request for release, return of property, and time for decision by the court on a complaint for such return. 
Makes sums in the Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund available for the payment of court-awarded compensation for representation of claimants under the Tariff Act, with respect to seizure claims by individuals financially unable to obtain representation of counsel.
District of Columbia Building Heights Act of 1994 - Amends the District of Columbia Code to revise provisions with respect to street widths controlling building heights in the District to require that if the alignment (currently, course) of streets forming an intersection is not interrupted by a public space or reservation confronting a building, the limit of height of the building shall be determined from the width of the widest street, avenue, or highway.  Defines "street" to mean any road, avenue, drive, cart way, or other route open to the public as a regular right-of-way, but not an alley. 
Replaces provisions allowing the heights of spires, towers, domes, minarets, pinnacles, penthouses over elevator shafts, ventilation shafts, chimneys, smokestacks, and fire sprinkler tanks to exceed mandatory limitations with provisions allowing roof structures that are not constructed or used for human occupancy to be erected to a greater height than any mandatory limit for the District with the Mayor's approval, provided that:  (1) the roof structure must not be higher than 18.5 feet above the roof upon which it is located; (2) it must be fireproof; (3) the area of such a structure must not exceed one third of the total roof area for those districts where there is a limitation on the number of stories or one-half of the total roof area for any other districts; (4) there may be an increase in the allowable floor area ratio for such a structure of not more than 25 percent; (5) such structure shall be set back from the exterior or bounding walls of the building upon which the structure is placed at distances equal to its height above the adjacent roof; (6) an exterior or bounding wall of a building is any wall having a dimension of four feet or more in height or horizontal depth exposed to the outside (without regard to whether the wall abuts another structure); and (7) a skylight shall not be considered a roof structure if it is less than five feet in height. 
Increases the fine for violation of:  (1) the Act to not more than $10,000 per day (currently, not less than ten dollars nor more than $100 per day); and (2) a court injunction resulting from such violation to not more than $100,000 (currently, not less than $100 nor more than $500). 
Requires the approval of the National Capital Planning Commission (NCPC) and the Mayor before a roof structure of any building in the District can exceed building height limitations. Allows the NCPC or any of its members to request a determination of whether any building proposed to be constructed in the District meets mandatory requirements. 
Allows the NCPC to file charges in the Superior Court of the District of Columbia against an individual who violates building height requirements and to maintain an action in such Court to abate and perpetually enjoin such nuisance. 
Provides that the NCPC and each of its members shall have standing to enforce any limitation on the heights of buildings and structures in the District.
Federal Energy Price Protection Act of 2006 - Declares that it shall be an unfair or deceptive act or practice in violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act for any person to sell crude oil, gasoline, diesel fuel, home heating oil, or any biofuel at a price that constitutes price gouging.

Defines "biofuel" as any fuel containing specified organic matter

Instructs the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to promulgate enforcement rules within six months after enactment of this Act.

Grants enforcement authority exclusively to: (1) the FTC; (2) the Attorney General of the United States; and (3) state attorneys general.

Prescribes guidelines for enforcement of civil actions by state attorneys general, including injunctions, compliance enforcement and civil penalties.

Preempts state enforcement action while federal action is pending.



Prescribes civil and criminal penalties for violations of this Act.

Restricts enforcement of criminal penalties to a criminal action brought by the Attorney General or other officer of the Department of Justice, or any attorney specially appointed by the Attorney General.
(Sec. 1) Amends the North American Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act to authorize the President to agree to amendments to the Border Environment Cooperation Agreement (the November 1993 Agreement Between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the United Mexican States Concerning the Establishment of a Border Environment Cooperation Commission and a North American Development Bank) that: (1) enable the North American Development Bank to make grants and non-market rate loans out of its paid-in capital resources with the approval of its Board of Directors for qualified water conservation projects; and (2) amend the definition of "border region" as it relates to such projects to include specified areas in the United States and Mexico that are within 300 kilometers of the international boundary between the two countries.

(Sec. 2) Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to report annually to certain congressional committees on the North American Development Bank, addressing specified issues. Directs the President to instruct the U.S. representative on the Board of Directors of the North American Development Bank to oppose, with exceptions, any proposal where grants out of paid-in capital resources would: (1) be made to a project that is not being financed, in part, by loans; or (2) account for more than 50 percent of any individual project. (Sec. 3) Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) water conservation projects are eligible for funding from the Bank under the Cooperation Agreement; and (2) the Board of Directors of the Bank should support qualified water conservation projects which can assist Texas irrigators and agricultural producers in the lower Rio Grande River Valley. (Sec. 4) Expresses the sense of Congress that the Bank should support: (1) the development of qualified water conservation projects in southern California and other eligible areas in the four U.S. border States (California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas), including the conjunctive use and storage of surface water and groundwater, delivery system conservation, the re-regulation of reservoirs, improved irrigation practices, wastewater reclamation, regional water management modeling, operational and optimization studies to improve water conservation, and cross-border water exchanges consistent with treaties; and (2) new water supply research and projects along the Mexico border in southern California and other eligible areas in the four U.S. border States to desalinate ocean seawater and brackish surface water and groundwater, and dispose of or manage the brines resulting from desalination. (Sec. 5) Expresses the sense of Congress that the Bank Board should: (1) take into consideration the needs of all of the border states before approving funding for water conservation projects; and (2) strive to fund such projects in each of such states. (Sec. 6) Expresses the sense of Congress that the Bank Board should support the financing of projects, on both sides of the international boundary between the United States and Mexico, which address: (1) coastal issues and the problem of pollution in both countries having an environmental impact along their Pacific Ocean and Gulf of Mexico shores; and (2) air pollution.
Education, Achievement, and Opportunity Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to establish a limited, income adjusted, elementary and secondary school expenses credit (up to $2,500 for elementary school expenses and $3,500 for secondary school expenses) for each qualifying child attending either a public or private school.
Small Business International Trade Enhancements Act of 2009 - Amends the Small Business Act to establish an Associate Administrator for International Trade as the head of the Office of International Trade of the Small Business Administration (SBA), who shall be responsible for international trade policy. Grants the SBA Administrator the authority to appoint additional Associate Administrators.

Requires Export Assistance Centers (one-stop shops for U.S. exporters) to aid the Associate Administrator in maintaining a trade distribution network for trade promotion and trade assistance for small businesses. Requires the Associate Administrator to establish annual goals to enhance the export capabilities of small businesses and small manufacturers to compete against foreign entities.

Directs the Associate Administrator, in order to provide small businesses access to certain export financing programs, to appoint at least one trade financial specialist within the SBA to oversee international loan programs and assist SBA employees with trade finance issues.

Directs the SBA Administrator to ensure that the number of full -time equivalent Office employees assigned to the Export Assistance Centers for U.S. exporters is at least the number that were assigned on January 1, 2003.

Increases: (1) the total outstanding amount of an international trade loan guaranteed by the SBA under the Export Working Capital Program; (2) the maximum amount of an international trade loan; and (3) the maximum amount available for export working capital, supplies, or financing. Allows such loan to be secured by a second lien position on the property or equipment financed by the loan or on other assets of the small business concern. (Currently, a first lien position or first mortgage on the property, equipment, or other business assets is required.)

Expresses the sense of Congress that the United States Trade Representative (USTR) should establish the position of Assistant USTR for Small Business to promote the trade interests of small businesses.
San Francisco Bay Restoration Act This bill amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (commonly known as the Clean Water Act) to authorize the Environmental Protection Agency to provide funding for prioritized activities, studies, or projects that advance the goals and objectives of the comprehensive management plan for the San Francisco estuary. Funding may be provided through cooperative agreements, grants, or other means. Funding may not be used for the administration of a management conference for the San Francisco estuary under the National Estuary Program. Funding amounts provided under this Act may not exceed 75% of the total cost of eligible activities to be carried out using those amounts. This bill authorizes appropriations for the funding program through FY2019.
Prescribe A Book Act - Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to authorize the Secretary of Education to award matching grants to nonprofit organizations for the implementation of Pediatric Early Literacy Programs, through which: (1) health care providers encourage parents to read aloud to their children and offer parents developmentally appropriate recommendations and strategies for doing so; (2) health care providers give each visiting child between the ages of six months and five years a new, developmentally appropriate children's book to take home and keep; and (3) volunteers in health care facility waiting areas read to children and show parents the techniques and pleasures of sharing books. Requires that the books provided to children under the programs be obtained at a discount.
Historic Tax Credit Improvement Act of 2015  This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code, with respect to the tax credit for the rehabilitation of buildings and historic structures, to: (1) allow an increased 30% credit, up to $750,000, for projects with rehabilitation expenditures not exceeding $3.75 million, for which no credit was allowed in either of the 2 prior taxable years (smaller projects); (2) allow the transfer of tax credit amounts for smaller projects; (3) treat a building as substantially rehabilitated if rehabilitation expenditures exceed the greater of 50% of the adjusted basis of the building or $5,000 (currently, the greater of the adjusted basis of the building or $5,000); (4) exempt from tax the proceeds of a state historic tax; and (5) set forth special rules for the tax treatment of tax-exempt use property and functionally-related historic structures. 
School Lunch Protection Act of 1993 - Amends the National School Lunch Act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture (Secretary) to provide training and other assistance to State representatives, contracting entities, and school food service authorities to identify and prevent anticompetitive activities in the school lunch, school breakfast, special milk, and summer food service programs. 
Directs the Secretary to bar a company for at least one year (three years for a repeat conviction) from program participation upon conviction for anticompetitive or specified related activities. 
 Directs the Secretary, upon request, to provide the appropriate congressional committees with information about prevention and control of such anticompetitive activities.
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  Short Title; Table of Contents 
     Title II:  Conforming Railroad Retirement Benefits with 
          Social Security 
Title I:  Short Title; Table of Contents
 - Retirement Savings and Security Act - Sets forth this Act's short title and table of contents. 
Title II:  Conforming Railroad Retirement Benefits with Social Security
 - Amends the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 (RRA) with respect to eligibility for and the amount of a child's annuity. 
Provides for entitlement to spousal annuities despite certain age requirements.  Removes the age requirement for divorced spouses, and provides for entitlement of the divorced spouse where the worker's annuity is not payable. 
Provides for RRA benefits equivalent to those under the Social Security Act with respect to:  (1) amounts of continued payment to survivors of waived lump sum benefits; (2) lump sum death benefits; and (3) benefits with respect to service for which certain railroad retirement annuities are not payable.
Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act of 2015 (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 to: (1) extend the availability of the Do Not Pay Initiative to the judicial and legislative branches and to the states; and (2) authorize the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to issue guidance that establishes privacy requirements that shall be incorporated into Do Not Pay Initiative access agreements with states and the judicial and legislative branches.  (Sec. 3) The Departments of Defense and State must submit, promptly and on a regular basis, relevant information on the deaths of individuals. The OMB, in consultation with the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, the heads of other relevant federal, state, and local agencies, and Indian tribes and tribal organizations, as appropriate, shall issue guidance regarding implementation of the Initiative to the Department of the Treasury and each agency or component of an agency: (1) that operates or maintains a database of death records maintained by the Social Security Administration; or (2) for which the OMB determines improved data matching would be relevant, necessary, or beneficial. (Sec. 4) Treasury must report to Congress on:   data analytics performed as part of the Do Not Pay Business Center operated by Treasury for the purpose of detecting, preventing, and recovering improper payments through pre-award, post-award prepayment, and post-payment analysis;  the metrics used in determining whether the analytic and investigatory efforts have reduced, or contributed to the reduction of, improper payments or improper awards; and  the target dates for implementing the data analytics operations performed as part of the Do Not Pay Business Center. 
Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities Prevention Act of 2003 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Public Health Service Act concerning the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities (Center) to add "disabilities and health" to categories of data which the Secretary of Heath and Human Services is directed to collect, analyze, and make available. Requires the Secretary to conduct research on and promote the prevention of birth defects and disabilities and to support a National Spina Bifida Program to prevent and reduce suffering from the nation's most common permanently disabling birth defect.

Modifies Center reporting requirements, including requiring such report to contain information on: (1) individuals living with birth defects and disabilities or developmental disabilities, and recommendations for improving the health and quality of life of such individuals; and (2) recommendations from all birth defects research conferences sponsored by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, including conferences related to spina bifida.

Requires that the members of the advisory committee appointed by the Director of the National Center for Environmental Health that have expertise in birth defects, developmental disabilities, and disabilities and health be transferred to and advise the Center.

Authorizes appropriations through FY 2007 for the Center.

(Sec. 3) Amends the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 to revise appropriation allotment provisions for State developmental disabilities councils.

(Sec. 4) Directs the Secretary and the Secretary of Education to jointly report on specified surveillance activities under the Children's Health Act of 2000 respecting autism and other developmental disabilities.
(This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the House on December 5, 2016.  Apollo 11 50th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act (Sec. 3) This bill directs the Department of the Treasury to mint and issue gold, silver, half-dollar clad, and proof silver coins in recognition and celebration of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the moon.  (Sec. 5) Treasury may issue coins minted under this bill for only a one-year period, beginning January 1, 2019. (Sec. 7) All sales of coins minted under this bill shall include a surcharge of $35 per gold coin, $10 per silver coin, $5 per half-dollar clad coin, and $50 per proof silver coin.  All of the surcharges received from the sale of such coins shall be paid as follows:   one-half to the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum's &quot;Destination Moon&quot; exhibit; one-quarter to the Astronauts Memorial Foundation; and  one-quarter to the Astronaut Scholarship Foundation, to aid its missions by providing college scholarships for the very best and brightest students pursuing degrees in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics (STEM).   There may not be any surcharge if issuance of the coin would exceed the annual commemorative coin program issuance limitation. (Sec. 8) Treasury shall ensure that:   minting and issuing such coins will not result in any net cost to the federal government; and no funds, including surcharges, will be disbursed to any recipient designated in section 7 until the total cost of designing and issuing all authorized coins is recovered. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  Truth in Employment 
     Title II:  Fair Hearing 
     Title III:  Justice on Time 
     Title IV:  Attorneys Fees 
Fairness for Small Business and Employees Act of 1998 - 
Title I: Truth in Employment
 - Amends the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) to provide that nothing in specified prohibitions against unfair labor practices by employers shall be construed as requiring an employer to employ any person who is not a bona fide employee applicant, in that such person seeks or has sought employment with the employer with the primary purpose of furthering another employment or agency status. 
(Sec. 103) Declares that this title shall not affect the rights and responsibilities under NLRA of any employee who is or was a bona fide employee applicant, including the right to:  (1) self-organization; (2) form, join, or assist labor organizations; (3) bargain collectively through representatives of their own choosing; and (4) engage in other concerted activities for the purpose of collective bargaining or other mutual aid or protection. 
Title II:  Fair Hearing
 - Directs the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) to provide for a hearing upon due notice to determine the appropriateness of the bargaining unit, if a petition for an election requests to certify a unit which includes the employees employed at one or more facilities of a multi-facility employer, and in the absence of an agreement by the parties regarding the appropriateness of the bargaining unit at issue.  Requires the NLRB, in making such determination, to consider functional integration, centralized control, common skills, functions and working conditions, permanent and temporary employee interchange, geographical separation, local autonomy, the number of employees, bargaining history, and other factors it considers appropriate. 
Title III:  Justice on Time
 - Requires the NLRB to state its findings of fact and to issue and serve corrective orders, including reinstatement of an employee with or without backpay, or issue an order dismissing the complaint, within 365 days after the filing of a charge of unfair labor practice involving an unlawful discharge, except in cases of extreme complexity.  Directs the NLRB to report annually to specified congressional committees on any cases pending for more than one year, including an explanation of the factors contributing to such a delay, and recommendations for prompt resolution of such cases. 
Title IV:  Attorneys Fees
 - Provides for awards of attorney's fees and costs in administrative or court proceedings involving the NLRB, without regard to whether the NLRB's position was substantially justified or special circumstances make an award unjust, if the prevailing parties are employers or labor organizations with no more than 100 employees and a net worth of no more than $1.4 million at the time the adversary adjudication was initiated.
Professional Boxing Safety Act - Allows a professional boxing match to be held in the United States only if:  (1) the State where the professional boxing match is to be held has a State boxing commission or has entered into an agreement with a State boxing commission of another State to oversee the match and to regulate each of its boxing matches; and (2) the State boxing commission has established procedures to carry out this Act. 
Requires each professional boxer to register with:  (1) the State boxing commission of the State in which such boxer resides; (2) the State boxing commission overseeing the boxing match if the boxer is a resident of a State in which there is no State boxing commission; and (3) any State that has a State boxing commission if the boxer is from a foreign country. 
Requires a State boxing commission to issue an identification card to each registered professional boxer to be renewed by the boxer at least once every three years and to be presented to the State boxing commission by the time of the weigh-in for a professional boxing match. 
States that nothing in this Act shall be construed as preventing a State from applying additional registration requirements. 
Requires each State boxing commission to:  (1) establish procedures to evaluate the professional records of each boxer participating in a boxing match in the State; and (2) ensure that no boxer is permitted to box while under suspension from any State boxing commission for any reason. 
Requires the results of a professional boxing match and the suspension of a boxer, promoter, or manager ordered by a State boxing commission to be reported to the professional boxing registries certified by the Association of Boxing Commissioners and to the Florida State Athletic Commission within 48 business hours after the conclusion of such match or the suspension of such individuals. 
Authorizes the U.S. Attorney to bring a civil action in U.S. district court requesting relief to restrain a person or entity from continuing to engage in, or to sanction, a professional boxing match in violation of this Act. 
Imposes criminal penalties on managers, promoters, or professional boxers who knowingly and willfully violate this Act.
Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act of 2016   (Sec. 3) This bill amends the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to authorize the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) to subject a bank holding company to enhanced supervision and prudential standards by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System if FSOC makes a final determination that material financial distress at the bank holding company, or the nature, scope, size, scale, concentration, interconnectedness, or mix of its activities, could threaten the financial stability of the United States. This FSOC determination procedure replaces the current process under which bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more are automatically subject to such enhanced supervision and prudential standards. FSOC must make these final determinations using an indicator-based measurement approach established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision to determine systemic importance, which considers each bank holding company's size, interconnectedness, available substitutes, global cross-jurisdictional activity, and complexity.  A bank holding company designated, as of this bill's enactment, as a Global Systemically Important Bank (GSIB) by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) shall be deemed to have been the subject of a final determination that it could pose a threat to U.S. financial stability, thereby making these GSIBs subject to enhanced supervision. (Sec. 4) The bill revises the Federal Reserve Board's authority over bank holding company acquisition restrictions, prohibitions on interlocks between management of different financial companies, and enhanced supervision and prudential standards to make these requirements subject to FSOC's determination instead of operating automatically when a bank meets a $50 billion threshold.  (Sec. 5) FSOC is prohibited from making a final determination concerning a bank holding company under this bill before one year after its enactment. A bank holding company shall be deemed to have been the subject of such a final determination during this one-year period, however, if its total consolidated assets are $50 billion or more. (Sec. 6) Bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more that have not been the subject of a final determination for enhanced supervision and prudential standards remain subject to assessments by the Department of the Treasury for a temporary period to the same extent as a bank holding company that has been subject to a final determination. But the aggregate amount collected from all bank holding companies so assessed is limited to a specified amount to be transferred to: (1) FSOC to distribute to the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), and the general fund of the Treasury for administrative costs resulting from this bill; and (2) the FDIC for resolution costs resulting from this bill. A bank holding company so assessed shall no longer be subject to such assessments in the event it is subject to a final determination.  Assessments collected shall be in addition to, and not as a replacement of, any other assessments required by law.  (Sec. 7) Nothing in this bill may be construed as broadly applying international standards except as specifically provided for FSOC's use of Basel Committee determination factors and the oversight of FSB-designated GSIBs. 
Authorizes the Secretary of Education to provide such grants to States that meet specified requirements to implement prevention programs that meet a high scientific standard of program effectiveness. Sets forth program requirements for State plans, reservations and allocations of funds, State distribution of program funds through competitive grants to local educational agencies (LEAs), and LEA plans and use of funds for comprehensive prevention programs that meet certain requirements.
Social Security KidSave Accounts Act - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) of the Social Security Act to create a new part B (KidSave Accounts).  Directs the Commissioner of Social Security to establish in the name of each individual born on or after January 1, 1997, an individual retirement account known as a KidSave Account. 
Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to transfer from the Federal OASDI Trust Fund to the Commissioner for crediting to each account holder's KidSave Account:  (1) $1,000, on the date such individual's KidSave Account is established, in the case of any individual born on or after January 1, 1999; plus (2) in the case of any individual born on or after January 1, 1997, $500 on each of the individual's first five birthdays occurring on or after January 1, 2002. 
Establishes in the Treasury the KidSave Investment Fund in the same manner as the Thrift Savings Fund under the Federal Employees Retirement System (FERS). Establishes the KidSave Investment Fund Board in the Social Security Administration in the same manner as the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board under the FERS Thrift Savings Program.  Requires the KidSave Investment Fund to be managed in the same manner as the FERS Thrift Savings Fund. 
Makes appropriations to the Federal OASDI Trust Fund of any sums necessary to carry out the KidSave Accounts program.
Recreational Fee Authority Act of 2002 - Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to establish and collect fees for: (1) admission to a unit, area, or site administered by the National Park Service (NPS); and (2) the use of NPS administered areas, lands, sites, facilities, and services. Sets forth considerations for establishment of fair and equitable fees, including the Government's costs and revenues and the cumulative effect of fees charged to the public.Authorizes the Secretary to: (1) enter into agreements that provide for reasonable commissions or reimbursements with public or private entities to provide visitor reservation services and fee collection and/or processing services; (2) use NPS volunteers to collect fees; (3) modify the National Park Passport; (4) enter into revenue sharing agreements with State agencies to accept their annual passes for NPS units within the State and convey the same privileges, terms, and conditions as offered under the National Park Passport; and (5) enter into agreements with other Federal agencies and/or tribal governments to establish and collect fees at areas, sites, or projects located on other areas under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, the Secretary of Agriculture, and/or the tribal government.Requires: (1) fees collected by NPS to be deposited into a special Treasury account; (2) at least 80 percent of the fees collected at an area, site, or project to remain available for use at that area, site, or project (with specified exceptions); (3) at least 50 percent of the fees collected as a result of the sale of the National Park Passport to remain available for use at the area where they were collected; and (4) not more than 15 percent of the derived revenues to be used to administer the recreation fee program.
Terrorism Insurance Backstop Extension Act of 2004 - Amends the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 to define: (1) the term "Program Year 4" as the period from January 1, 2006, through December 31, 2006; and (2) the term "Program Year 5" as the period from January 1, 2007, through December 31, 2007 (thereby extending the terrorism risk insurance program from 2005 through 2007).

Sets a deadline for the Secretary of the Treasury to make a final determination regarding: (1) the availability of group life insurance to both insurers and consumers; and (2) whether certain provisions of the Act shall be applied to providers of group life insurance.

Sunsets the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program after December 31, 2007.
Establishes a Commission on Structural Alternatives for the Federal Courts of Appeals to:  (1) study the present division of the United States into the several judicial circuits and the structure and alignment of the Federal Court of Appeals system, with particular reference to the Ninth Circuit; and (2) report its recommendations for changes to the President and the Congress by the earlier of June 30, 1998, or one year after enactment of this Act. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Rewards Act  This bill establishes in the Department of the Treasury the Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Rewards Program. The program may provide rewards to individuals furnishing information leading to the restraining, seizure, forfeiture, or repatriation of stolen assets linked to foreign government corruption. 
Medicare Chronic Kidney Disease Management Act of 2002 - Entitles qualified chronic kidney disease patients to benefits under part A (Hospital Insurance) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act. Prohibits enrollment of chronic kidney disease patients in part C (Medicare+Choice) of the Social Security Act.
San Juan Mountains Wilderness Act of 2011- Designates specified lands in the Grand Mesa, Uncompahgre, and Gunnison National Forests and specified land of the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) in Colorado as wilderness areas and components of the National Wilderness Preservation System (NWPS).

Designates specified lands in such National Forests and San Juan National Forest as the Sheep Mountain Special Management Area.

Sets forth provisions regarding water rights in the lands designated as wilderness or a special management area by this Act.

Withdraws lands designated as wilderness or a special management area under this Act, as well as land within the Naturita Canyon Mineral Withdrawal Area, from: (1) entry, appropriation, and disposal under public land laws; (2) location, entry, and patent under mining laws; and (3) operation of the mineral leasing, mineral materials, and geothermal leasing laws.

Releases certain parts of the Dominguez Canyon Wilderness Study Area that were not designated as wilderness by this Act from further study for designation as wilderness.
Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to accept title to any additional number of acres of real property located within the boundaries of the original 1857 reservation of the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon (comprised of land within the political boundaries of Polk and Yamhill Counties, Oregon), if such real property is conveyed or otherwise transferred to the United States by or on behalf of the Tribe.

States that: (1) the Secretary shall treat all applications to take land into trust within the boundaries of the original 1857 reservation as an on-reservation trust acquisition; and (2) all real property taken into trust within these boundaries before or after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be part of the Tribe's reservation.
Small Business Incentive Act of 1993 - Amends the Securities Act of 1933 to increase from $5 million to $10 million the size of small business offerings that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Act. 
Amends the Investment Company Act of 1940 to exclude from its definition of "investment company" any issuer all of whose securities are held by certain investors whom the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has determined are "qualified purchasers" who possess such financial sophistication, net worth, and other specified factors as not to need the protections of such Act. Empowers the SEC to define such "qualified purchasers." 
Sets forth conditions under which certain economic, business, and industrial development companies that are already subject to regulation by the State in which they are organized are exempt from the regulatory constraints of such Act. 
Increases to $10 million the maximum aggregate amount of proceeds that certain interstate closed-end investment companies may receive from the sale of their outstanding securities and still retain their exempt status under such Act. 
Expands the definition of "eligible portfolio company" to include any company which does not have total assets in excess of $4 million and capital and surpluses in excess of $2 million. 
Declares that a "business development company" is not required to make available significant managerial assistance with respect to any eligible portfolio company or any other company that meets certain SEC criteria. 
Permits a business development company to:  (1) acquire the securities of an eligible portfolio company from persons other than such portfolio company itself; (2) issue multiple classes of debt without restriction; and (3) issue warrants, options, or rights to subscribe or convert to or purchase voting securities either alone or accompanied by debt or equity securities. 
Provides conditions under which a business development company may: 
(1) have a minimum asset coverage of 110 percent; and (2) issue or sell any class of senior security representing indebtedness. 
Requires a business development company to file with the SEC a written evaluation of the risk factors involved in investment due to the nature of the company's capital structure.
Job Creation through Energy Efficient Manufacturing Act This bill requires the Department of Energy (DOE) to establish a Financing Energy Efficient Manufacturing Program to provide grants to establish or expand programs to finance energy efficiency retrofit, onsite clean and renewable energy, smart grid systems, and alternative vehicle fleet projects for industrial businesses.  DOE must establish a process to identify financing opportunities for manufacturing and industrial business with asset portfolios across multiple states. Grant recipients must give a higher priority to those programs that: (1) leverage private and nonfederal sources of funding, and (2) aim to expand the use of energy efficiency project financing using private sources of funding. Grant recipients must also collect, share, and report on data resulting from programs carried out under this bill. DOE must incorporate the data into appropriate DOE databases, with provisions for the protection of confidential business data. 
Eastern Band Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act This bill takes specified lands and easements in Monroe County, Tennessee, into trust for the use and benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians. These lands include the Sequoyah Museum, the Chota Memorial, the Tanasi Memorial, and land to provide support for these properties and cultural programs. The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) maintains its right to carry out river control and development on these lands, including temporarily and intermittently flooding certain lands. The bill specifies the structures that may be constructed with the TVA's consent on certain lands subject to flooding. The TVA must be compensated for lost hydropower capacity from future development of these lands. The bill prohibits the United States from being liable for loss or damage resulting from certain activities, such as the flooding of certain lands. The bill outlines TVA's continuing responsibilities. Gaming on these lands is prohibited.
Arthritis Prevention, Control, and Cure Act of 2008 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Public Health Service Act to allow the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop and implement a National Arthritis Action Program, which may include: (1) conducting, supporting, and promoting the coordination of research, investigations, demonstrations, training, and studies relating to the control, prevention, and surveillance of arthritis and other rheumatic diseases; (2) providing training, technical assistance, supplies, equipment, or services and assigning any officer or employee of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to a state or local health agency; (3) providing additional grant support to encourage the expansion of research related to the prevention and management of arthritis at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC); (4) carrying out national education and outreach activities to support, develop, and implement education initiatives and outreach strategies appropriate for arthritis and other rheumatic diseases; and (5) awarding grants to states or Indian tribes to support comprehensive arthritis control and prevention programs and to provide public health surveillance, prevention, and control activities related to arthritis and other rheumatic diseases.

Allows the Secretary, in carrying out national education and outreach activities, to: (1) emphasize prevention, early diagnosis, and appropriate management of arthritis and opportunities for effective patient self-management; and (2) give priority to reaching high-risk or underserved populations.

Authorizes appropriations for FY2009-FY2013.

(Sec. 3) Authorizes the Secretary to expand and intensify programs of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) concerning juvenile arthritis and related conditions.

(Sec. 4) Allows the Secretary, acting through the Director of CDC, to award grants to, and enter into cooperative agreements with, public or nonprofit private entities for the collection, analysis, and reporting of data on juvenile arthritis. Requires the Secretary to ensure that epidemiological and other types of information are made available to NIH.

Allows the Secretary, acting through the Director of CDC, to support the development of a national juvenile arthritis population-based database to: (1) collect specific data for follow-up studies regarding the prevalence and incidence of juvenile arthritis; and (2) capture information on evidence-based health outcomes related to specific therapies and interventions.

Authorizes appropriations for FY2009-FY2013.

(Sec. 5) Requires the Secretary to support activities that provide for: (1) an increase in the number and size of institutional training grants to support pediatric rheumatology training; and (2) an expansion of public-private partnerships to promote educational training and fellowship opportunities for pediatric rheumatologists. Authorizes appropriations for FY2009-FY2013.

Requires the Secretary to establish and carry out a pediatric rheumatology loan repayment program through which the Secretary shall repay student loans in exchange for service as a pediatric rheumatologist in an area with both a shortage of pediatric rheumatologists and the capacity to support pediatric rheumatology. Requires the Secretary to periodically assess: (1) the extent to which the loan repayment program is needed; and (2) the extent to which the program is effective in increasing the number of pediatric rheumatologists nationally and in areas with a shortage. Terminates the program if the Secretary determines it is no longer needed.
Safe Teen and Novice Driver Uniform Protection Act of 2010 or the STANDUP Act - Authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to award incentive grants to states with graduated driver licensing laws that require novice drivers younger than age 21 to comply with a two-stage licensing process before receiving an unrestricted driver's license.

Requires such laws, at a minimum, to include: (1) a learner's permit stage that commences at age 16 or older, lasts at least six months, prohibits driver use of a cellular phone or other communications device in nonemergency situations, prohibits nighttime driving, and remains in effect until commencement of the intermediate stage or the driver attains age 18; (2) an intermediate stage in effect until the driver attains age 18 that commences immediately after expiration of the learner's permit stage, lasts at least six months, prohibits driver use of a cellular phone or other communications device in nonemergency situations, prohibits nighttime driving, prohibits more than one non-familial passenger under age 21 unless there is a licensed driver at least age 21 present in the vehicle; and (3) any other requirement that the Secretary may require.

Directs the Secretary to withhold a certain percentage of federal-aid highway funds from states that do not comply with the requirements of this Act.
Brownfields Utilization, Investment, and Local Development Act of 2013 or the BUILD Act - Amends the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) to include among entities eligible for brownfields revitalization funding: (1) a tax-exempt charitable organization, (2) a limited liability corporation in which all managing members are tax-exempt charitable organizations or limited liability corporations whose sole members are such organizations, (3) a limited partnership in which all general partners are tax-exempt charitable organizations or limited liability corporations whose sole members are such organizations, or (4) a qualified community development entity. Requires the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to establish a program to provide multipurpose grants to carry out inventory, characterization, assessment, planning, or remediation activities at brownfield sites in a proposed area. Revises the brownfield site characterization and assessment grant program to authorize an eligible entity that is a governmental entity to receive a grant for property acquired by such governmental entity prior to January 11, 2002, even if the governmental entity does not qualify as a bona fide prospective purchaser as defined under such Act. Increases the maximum amount the President may give in grants and loans to eligible entities for brownfield remediation. Repeals prohibitions on giving grants and loans for brownfields revitalization for administrative costs and the cost of complying with federal law. Excludes from the meaning of &quot;administrative costs&quot; costs for investigating and identifying the extent of the contamination, designing and performing a response action, or monitoring a natural resource. Requires the Administrator to give priority to small communities, Indian tribes, rural areas, or low-income areas with a population of not more than 15,000 in providing assistance to facilitate the inventory of brownfield sites, site assessments, remediation of brownfield sites, community involvement, or site preparation. Requires the Administrator, in giving grants for brownfields revitalization, to give consideration to waterfront brownfield sites.  Requires the Administrator to establish a program to provide grants to: (1) carry out inventory, characterization, assessment, planning, feasibility analysis, design, or remediation activities to locate a clean energy project at brownfield sites; and (2) capitalize a revolving loan fund for such purposes. Authorizes the Administrator to provide grants for state response programs. Extends the authorizations of appropriations for brownfields revitalization funding and state response programs.
Restitution for the Exonerated Act of 2009 - Authorizes the Attorney General to award grants and supplemental funds to nonprofit organizations to be used only to provide support services (e.g., employment training, health care services, and legal assistance) to exonerees. Prohibits services for exonerees who have not demonstrated financial need or for a period of more than 24 months. Defines "exoneree" as an individual who has been convicted of a crime carrying a prison sentence of one year or more, has served at least six months of such prison sentence, and has been determined to be factually innocent of the crime.
No More Tulias: Drug Law Enforcement Evidentiary Standards Improvement Act of 2005 - Prohibits a state from receiving for a fiscal year any drug control and system improvement (Byrne) grant funds under the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, or any amount from any other law enforcement assistance program of the Department of Justice, unless the state does not fund any drug task forces for that fiscal year or the State has in effect laws that ensure that: (1) a person is not convicted of a drug offense unless the facts that a drug offense was committed and that the person committed that offense are supported by evidence other than the eyewitness testimony of a law enforcement officer (officer) or individuals acting on an officer's behalf; and (2) an officer does not participate in a drug task force unless that officer's honesty and integrity is evaluated and found to be at an appropriately high level. Provides for reallocation of sums not allocated by reason of this provision to states not so disqualified.

Requires state recipients of funds to collect data for the last year funds were allocated regarding: (1) the racial distribution of charges made during that year; (2) the nature of the criminal law specified in the charges; and (3) the city or law enforcement jurisdiction in which the charge was made.
Rio Puerco Watershed Act of 1994 - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to:  (1) establish a clearinghouse for research and information on the management of the Rio Puerco Watershed; and (2) provide support to the Rio Puerco Management Committee to identify objectives, coordinate implementation of best management practices, and monitor results concerning the watershed's management. Directs the Secretary to prepare a plan for the restoration of such watershed. 
Establishes the Rio Puerco Management Committee to:  (1) advise the Secretary on the development and implementation of the management program; and (2) serve as a forum of information concerning the watershed and implementation of best management practices. 
Directs the Secretary to:  (1) report to specified congressional committees on the implementation of this Act; and (2) study and report to such committees on the Rio Grande from Caballo Lake to the Gulf of Mexico. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Family Dairy Farmer Preservation Act of 2003 - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to carry out counter-cyclical income support programs for dairy producers in participating States through September 30, 2011. Limits individual or entity payments to 550,000 pounds of milk per month.Sets forth the following participating States: (1) Alabama; (2) Arkansas; (3) Connecticut; (4) Delaware; (5) Georgia; (6) Kansas; (7) Kentucky; (8) Louisiana; (9) Maine; (10) Maryland; (11) Massachusetts; (12) Mississippi; (13) Missouri, (14) New Hampshire; (15) New Jersey; (16) New York; (17) North Carolina; (18) Oklahoma; (19) Pennsylvania; (20) Rhode Island; (21) South Carolina; (22) Tennessee; (23) Vermont; (24) Virginia; and (25) West Virginia. Provides that the Governor of another State may designate the State as a participating State by notifying the Secretary.Makes participating producers ineligible for national dairy market loss payments.Directs the Secretary to establish five Regional Dairy Districts, each of which to be administered by a Regional Dairy Board.Establishes in the Treasury a National Dairy Producers Trust Fund, to be funded by specified processor payments and counter-cyclical payments from the Secretary.States that if the Secretary determines that the Commodity Credit Corporation has incurred additional milk price support costs as a result of overproduction in a District due solely to the operation of the counter-cyclical income support program, the Board of that District shall reimburse the Commodity Credit Corporation for such costs.
Federal Advisory Committee Act Amendments of 2010 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) to require appointments to advisory committees to be made without regard to political affiliation or activity, unless otherwise required by federal statute.

Directs the head of an agency, prior to appointing members to an advisory committee, to give interested persons an opportunity to suggest potential committee members. Directs the agency to: (1) include a request for comments in the required notice regarding establishment of the advisory committee; (2) provide a mechanism for interested persons to comment through the agency's official website; and (3) consider any comments submitted in selecting members.

Requires an individual appointed to an advisory committee who is not a full-time or permanent part-time officer or employee of the federal government to be designated as: (1) a special government employee if the individual is providing advice based on the individual's expertise or experience; or (2) a representative if the individual is representing the views of an entity or entities outside of the federal government. Prohibits an agency from designating committee members as representatives to avoid subjecting them to federal ethics rules and requirements.

Requires the designated ethics official for each agency to: (1) determine whether each agency advisory committee member's designation is appropriate and to redesignate members if necessary; and (2) certify to the agency head that such determination has been made following the initial appointment of members and at the time a committee's charter is renewed (or, in the case of a committee with an indefinite charter, every two years).

Directs the agency head to: (1) inform each individual appointed to an agency advisory committee about whether the individual is appointed as a special government employee or as a representative, the differences between the two, and applicable ethics requirements; and (2) obtain a signed confirmation that each member received such information. Requires the Director of the Office of Government Ethics to provide guidance to agencies on such ethics requirements.

Directs the agency head to develop and implement strategies to minimize the need for written determinations regarding whether an employee's financial interest is likely to affect the integrity of the services which the government may expect from such employee.

Requires the Administrator of General Services to promulgate regulations to implement FACA.

(Sec. 3) Deems: (1) an individual who is not a full-time or permanent part-time officer or employee of the federal government to be a member of an advisory committee if the individual regularly attends and participates in committee meetings, even if the individual does not have the right to vote; and (2) an advisory committee to be established by an agency or the President if it is formed, created, or organized under contract, other transactional authority, cooperative agreement, grant, or otherwise at the request or direction of an agency or the President.

(Sec. 4) Requires the head of an agency to which an advisory committee reports to make available on the agency's official public Internet site: (1) the committee's charter; (2) the process used to establish and appoint committee members; (3) specified information about current members, including special government employees for whom conflict of interest certifications were made; (4) information about any recusals from any meeting or other work of the committee; (5) a summary each committee's decision-making process; (6) transcripts or recordings of committee meetings; (7) determinations to close meetings; and (8) notices of future meetings. Requires the Administrator to provide electronic access to such information on the General Services Administration's (GSA's) Internet site. Expands the information required to be disclosed about advisory committee charters.

(Sec. 5) Requires the Comptroller General to review and report on agency compliance with FACA.

(Sec. 6) Amends the Trade Act of 1974 to specify the applicability of FACA provisions to trade advisory committees.
Children's Vision Improvement and Learning Readiness Act of 2003 - Allows the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to States for the purposes of: (1) providing comprehensive eye examinations for children identified as being at high risk of vision impairment, with priority to go to children under nine years old; (2) providing subsequent treatment or services necessary to correct vision problems; and (3) developing and disseminating educational materials with regard to the need and benefits of comprehensive eye examinations for children.Directs the Secretary to develop criteria for the collection of data related to vision assessment and the utilization of followup services.Directs the Secretary to coordinate the grant program, as appropriate, with other Federal and State programs that provide services to children. Requires a State to submit an application to the Secretary in order to receive a grant, which shall include a plan for the use of the grant.Requires a State to submit to the Secretary an annual evaluation of the operations and activities carried out under a grant.
Prescription Drug Affordability Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a nonrefundable tax credit for 80 percent of the amount paid for a prescribed drug during the taxable year (and not compensated for by insurance or otherwise) by a taxpayer who has attained social security retirement age.

Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA) to repeal provisions restricting the importation of prescription drugs. Allows a person who meets applicable legal requirements to be an importer of prescription drugs upon application to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. Requires the Secretary to approve such an application if the drug meets all FFDCA requirements for admission into the United States, including that the drug has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and is not adulterated or misbranded.

Prohibits the Secretary from taking any action against any of the persons involved with the interstate sale of a prescription drug through an Internet site if: (1) the sale was made in compliance with applicable Federal and State laws; and (2) accurate information regarding compliance with such laws is posted on the Internet site.
Dividend Taxation Elimination Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to exclude dividends from gross income, with specified exceptions. Sets forth exclusion limitations prior to 2007.
Nonappropriated Fund Equity Act - Allows a federal employee or Member of Congress who has five or more years of creditable civilian service for purposes of civil service retirement on the date of enactment of this Act to receive credit for service performed as an employee of a nonappropriated fund instrumentality after December 31, 1965, and before January 1, 1987.
Charitable Giving Partnership Act - Amends the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 to authorize the use of specified community development block grant amounts provided for non-metropolitan or non-urban areas to supplant State revenues lost under a State income tax credit for contributions to certain organizations providing assistance to low-income or homeless persons.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to revise the tax treatment of derivative transactions entered into by a corporation with respect to its stock.Provides for nonrecognition of derivative gain, loss, or deduction items (as defined by this Act). Excepts certain forward contracts from such treatment.
Energy Efficiency Investment Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a tax credit for up to 25 percent of the cost of certain energy efficient property installed in business and residential properties.
Senior Citizen Protection Act of 1993 - Amends title XI of the Social Security Act to revise the prohibitions and penalties against misleading mailings. 
Requires penalties relating to misleading mailings to be deposited in the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund. 
Requires annual reports to the Congress with respect to prohibition violations and associated penalties.
End Big Oil Tax Subsidies Act of 2011- Amends the Internal Revenue Code to require seven-year amortization of the geological and geophysical expenditures of covered large oil companies. Defines "covered large oil company" as a taxpayer which is a major integrated oil company or which has gross receipts in excess of $50 million in a taxable year.

Denies certain tax benefits to any taxpayer that is not a small, independent oil and gas company, including: (1) the tax credits for producing oil and gas from marginal wells and for enhanced oil recovery, (2) expensing of intangible drilling and development costs in the case of gas wells and geothermal wells, (3) percentage depletion, (4) the tax deduction for qualified tertiary injectant expenses, (5) the exemption from limitations on passive activity losses, and (6) the tax deduction for income attributable to domestic production activities.

Prohibits the use of the last-in, first-out (LIFO) accounting method by major integrated oil companies.

Limits or denies the foreign tax credit and tax deferrals for amounts paid or accrued by a dual capacity taxpayer to a foreign country or U.S. possession for any period with respect to combined foreign oil and gas income. Defines "dual capacity taxpayer" as a person who is subject to a levy of a foreign country or U.S. possession and receives (or will receive) directly or indirectly a specific economic benefit from such county or possession..
Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Equal Access to Justice Act and the federal judicial code to require the Administrative Conference of the United States to report to Congress annually for a specified period on the amount of fees and other expenses awarded to prevailing parties other than the United States in certain administrative proceedings and civil action court cases (excluding tort cases) to which the United States is a party, including settlement agreements. The reports must: (1) describe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in the controversy, and any other relevant information that may aid Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards; and (2) be made available to the public online. The Administrative Conference must create and maintain online searchable databases containing specified information with respect to each award, including the name of the agency involved, the name of each party to whom the award was made, the amount of the award, and the basis for finding that the position of the agency concerned was not substantially justified. Agencies, including the Department of Justice, must provide the Administrative Conference all information requested to comply with such requirements.
First Flight Commemorative Coin Act of 1997 - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue for a limited period ten-dollar gold coins, one-dollar silver coins, and half-dollar clad coins emblematic of the first flight of Orville and Wilbur Wright in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina. 
Instructs the Secretary to ensure:  (1) establishment of a coin marketing plan; and (2) availability of adequate funds to cover the costs of implementing such plan.
Military Family Stability Act of 2015 This bill allows a member of the Armed Forces undergoing a permanent change of station and the member's spouse to elect jointly that the spouse may relocate to the new location at the time during the covered relocation period as the member and spouse jointly select. The following families shall be eligible:   the spouse is employed, or enrolled in a degree-, certificate-, or license-granting program, at the beginning of the covered relocation period;  the member and spouse have one or more children in school;  the spouse or children are covered under the Exceptional Family Member Program;  the member and spouse are caring for an immediate family member with a chronic or long-term illness; or  the member is undergoing a permanent change of station as an individual augmentee or other deployment arrangement.  Families with other needs may receive exceptions granted by military commanders on a case-by-case basis. A member undergoing a permanent change of station who has one or more specified dependents and is no longer married to the individual who is or was the parent of such dependents at the beginning of the covered period of relocation may elect that such dependents relocate to the new location as follows:   by the member alone if the former spouse is dead or has no custodial rights, or  by the member and the former spouse jointly in all other circumstances.   A member may not make:    more than three elections; or  any election unless the member's period of obligated service, or the time remaining under the member's enlistment contract, at the time of election is at least 24 months.  The bill prescribes related housing and housing allowance requirements.     Transportation allowances authorized for personal property of a member and spouse may be allocated as the member and spouse select. The Department of Defense shall establish a single application approval process for coverage under this Act which shall apply uniformly among the Armed Forces.
Anwar Sadat Centennial Celebration Act  (Sec. 3) This bill directs the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate to arrange for the posthumous award of a Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his achievements and heroic actions to attain comprehensive peace in the Middle East.
SAFE-ID Act - Authorizes a business to transmit personally identifiable information regarding a U.S. citizen to any foreign affiliate or subcontractor located in a country certified by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) as having adequate privacy protection for such information. Prohibits such business from transmitting such information to an affiliate or subcontractor in a country without such privacy protection unless: (1) the business discloses to the citizen that the country does not have such privacy protection; (2) the business obtains the citizen's consent to transmit such information; and (3) the consent is renewed by the citizen within one year before the information is transmitted. Provides liability for businesses improperly transmitting such information.

Makes any business or organization that collects or retains personally identifiable health care information about consumers (health care business) liable for any damages caused by improper storage, duplication, sharing, or other misuse of such information by the health care business or any foreign affiliate or subcontractor that received such information. Prohibits a health care business from terminating an existing relationship with a consumer of health care services in order to avoid the consent requirement.

Directs the FTC to certify, and make a list of, those countries that have legal systems that provide adequate privacy protection for such information.
Education, Achievement, and Opportunity Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow an annual refundable tax credit for certain expenses incurred for children enrolled in elementary or secondary public and private schools. Includes as eligible expenses: tuition and fees, computers and educational software, academic tutoring, special needs services for children with disabilities, transportation fees, and academic testing services. Excludes expenses for nonacademic purposes, including fees for student activities, athletics, insurance, school uniforms, and nonacademic after-school activities.

Limits the amount of such credit to $2,500 for a child enrolled in an elementary school and $3,500 for a child in secondary school. Reduces such credit amounts for taxpayers earning over $75,000 ($150,000 for married taxpayers filing a joint return).
Provides for equal value of exchanged interests.Prohibits facility construction on wetlands.
Indian Health Care Improvement Technical Corrections Act of 1996 - Makes technical corrections to the Indian Health Care Improvement Act concerning allopathic medicine and Indian health professions scholarships and active duty service obligations. 
Amends the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to extend through FY 1998 the demonstration program for direct billing of Medicare, Medicaid, and other third party payors. 
Authorizes appropriations through FY 2000 for the:  (1) California Contract Health Services Demonstration Program; (2) Gallup Alcohol and Substance Abuse Center; (3) Substance Abuse Counselor Education Demonstration Program; and (4) Home and Community-Based Care Demonstration Program.
Limitation on Nuclear Cooperation with the United Arab Emirates Act of 2009 - Prohibits any agreement for cooperation to enter into force or any license to be issued for the export of nuclear material, equipment, or technology between the United States and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 unless the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the government of the UAE has: (1) taken actions to prohibit the transfer of goods, services, or technology to the government of Iran, including fully implementing U.N. Security Council sanctions against Iran; (2) implemented an export control regime in accordance with international standards and has implemented legislative and functional actions to target the logistical and financial networks that support terrorist organizations; (3) terminated all related cooperation between any UAE national and the government of Iran, any Iranian national, or any Iranian-controlled entity, and has prosecuted any such UAE national, and (4) not engaged in or condoned activities that violate the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996, the Iran, North Korea, and Syria Nonproliferation Act, and other applicable U.S. law.
Arlington National Cemetery Burial Eligibility Act - Allows the remains of the following persons to be interred at Arlington National Cemetery: (1) any member of the armed forces who dies while on active duty; (2) any retired member and any person who served on active duty and at the time of death was entitled to retired pay (or would have been so entitled but for his or her age); (3) any former member who was separated for physical disability before October 1, 1949, who served on active duty, and who would have been eligible for disability retirement if such provisions had been in effect on such date; (4) any former member whose last active military service was terminated honorably and who has been awarded one of a number of specified military decorations; (5) any former prisoner of war who dies on or after November 30, 1993; (6) the President or any former President; (7) the spouse, surviving spouse, minor child, and, in the discretion of the Cemetery's Superintendent, unmarried adult child of an interred member (but only if buried in the same gravesite); (8) the spouse, minor child, and unmarried adult child (discretionary) of a member on active duty if such person dies while the member is on active duty; (9) the individual whose spouse, minor child, and unmarried adult child (discretionary) is eligible under (8), above, but only if buried in the same gravesite; (10) the parents of a minor child or unmarried adult child whose remains, based on the parent's eligibility, are already buried in the Cemetery, but only if buried in the same gravesite; (11) the surviving spouse, minor child, and unmarried adult child (discretionary) of a member who was lost, buried at sea, or officially determined to be permanently absent in a status of missing or missing in action; and (12) the surviving spouse, minor child, and unmarried adult child (discretionary) of a member buried in a cemetery under the jurisdiction of the American Battle Monuments Commission.
(Sec. 3) Authorizes a court to grant injunctive relief for violations of this Act, as well as damages for willful violations, and an order for delivery and destruction of any articles of the defendant which constitute a willful violation.
(Sec. 4) Waives sovereign immunity for the Federal Government to grant private citizens and corporate entities the right to bring an action for trademark infringement against the United States, its agencies and any entities or persons acting for the United States.
(Sec. 5) Declares that in an action for trade dress infringement, where the matter sought to be protected is not registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the person who asserts trade dress protection has the burden of proving that the trade dress is not functional (that is, not commonly used by similar businesses, and thus eligible for protection).
(Sec. 7) Establishes the Association to Preserve the Authenticity of Musical Groups to: (1) benefit entertainers and performers who have performed with original entertainment groups; (2) promote, develop, and assist in preserving and protecting the rights of entertainers and performers; and (3) educate the public concerning the history of performing groups and the names of the actual performers in those groups.
Directs the Association to: (1) establish and promote the use of a certification mark, to which it shall have sole and exclusive rights; and (2) establish the standards for those entertainers who may use it. Requires such standards to include that: (1) at least one performer in any group displaying or using in its advertising the certification mark must have been a member of the original group that performed under the same or similar name; and (2) any advertising for such group shall not be false or misleading with respect to the membership or history of the group.
Declares that it shall not be a violation of the Lanham Act or any State law for an individual who has been a member of a performing group to: (1) be able to use the Association's certification mark; and (2) represent that such individual had been a member of such a group in any promotions, advertisements, or performing of the same services as those performed by such group, if such representation meets the standards of this Act and does not deceive or confuse as to the nature, characteristics, qualities, or sponsorship of such services.
Independent Office of Advocacy Act of 2001 - Amends the Small Business Act regarding the establishment of the Office of Advocacy to: (1) require each appropriation request submitted by the Small Business Administration (SBA) to include a separate funding request for such Office; (2) allow the Office's Chief Counsel to be removed by the President (requiring congressional notification); (3) require the Office to recommend methods for the delivery of financial assistance to women-owned businesses and evaluate the efforts of Federal agencies and the private sector in assisting such businesses; (4) require the Office to make recommendations and submit specified reports concerning issues and regulations affecting small business and any necessity for corrective action; and (5) require the Office to evaluate the efforts of the Federal Government and private industry to assist small businesses owned by veterans and service-disabled veterans. Requires the SBA to provide appropriate administrative support to the Office.Requires the Chief Counsel to report annually to the President and specified congressional committees on agency compliance with Federal regulatory analysis requirements.Authorizes appropriations.
Prekindergarten Access Act of 2003 - Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to establish Prekindergarten Programs.Authorizes the Secretary of Education to provide grants to applicant States to establish or expand prekindergarten early learning programs by eligible prekindergarten providers and local educational agencies in partnership with early childhood programs, organizations, or agencies that serve three-, four-, and five-year old children.
Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to accept title to any additional number of acres of real property located within the boundaries of the original 1857 reservation of the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon (comprising land within the political boundaries of Polk and Yamhill Counties, Oregon), if such real property is conveyed or otherwise transferred to the United States by or on behalf of the Tribe.  States that: (1) the Secretary shall treat all applications to take land into trust within the boundaries of the original 1857 reservation as an on-reservation trust acquisition; (2) the real property taken into trust is not to be eligible, or used, for Class II or III gaming, except for real property within two miles of a specified gaming facility; and (3) all real property taken into trust within those boundaries after September 9, 1988, shall be part of the Tribe's reservation.
Poison Control Center Enhancement and Awareness Act - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide coordination and assistance to regional poison control centers for the establishment of a nationwide toll-free phone number to be used to access such centers.  Authorizes appropriations. 
Mandates a national media campaign to educate the public about poison prevention and the availability of local poison control resources and to conduct advertising campaigns concerning the nationwide toll-free number.  Authorizes appropriations. 
Mandates grants for certified regional poison control centers to achieve financial stability and to prevent, and provide treatment recommendations for, poisoning.  Mandates other grant uses.  Sets forth center certification requirements.  Authorizes appropriations.
Foster Care Tax Credit Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a partially refundable tax credit for each qualifying foster child who resides in the home of an eligible taxpayer for at least one calendar month during the taxable year. Defines &quot;qualifying foster child&quot; as a child in foster care who has not attained age 17, who is a citizen, national, or resident of the United States, and with respect to whom the child tax credit is not allowable. Requires the name and taxpayer identification number of a foster child to be included on the taxpayer's tax return.  Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to identify provisions in the Internal Revenue Code that can benefit foster families and increase outreach efforts to inform state and Indian tribal foster care agencies and foster families about such provisions. 
China Policy Act of 1995 - Urges the President to undertake diplomatic initiatives to persuade China to:  (1) immediately and unconditionally release Harry Wu from detention; (2) adhere to international standards regarding the nonproliferation of weapons of mass destruction by, among other things, halting the export of ballistic missile technology and the provision of other weapons of mass destruction assistance, in violation of international standards, to Iran, Pakistan, and other countries of concern; (3) respect the internationally-recognized human rights of its citizens; (4) curtail excessive modernization and expansion of its military capabilities, and adopt defense transparency measures that will reassure its neighbors; (5) end provocative military actions in the South China Sea and elsewhere that threaten China's neighbors, and work with them to resolve disputes peacefully; (6) adhere to a rules-based international trade regime in which existing trade agreements are fully implemented and enforced, and equivalent and reciprocal market access is provided for U.S. goods and services there; (7) comply with the prohibition on all forced labor exports to the United States; and (8) reduce tensions with Taiwan. Requires the President to report to the Congress on:  (1) the actions taken and the progress achieved by the United States with respect to these objectives; and (2) the actions taken in light of them with respect to China by the United Nations and other international organizations, including the World Bank and the World Trade Organization. Commends:  (1) the men and women who have expressed their concerns to the Government of the People's Republic of China in the form of petitions; and (2) the democracy movement as a whole for its commitment to the promotion of political, economic, and religious freedom. Amends the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994 to require the Director of the USIA to submit to the Congress a plan for the establishment of Radio Free Asia to broadcast into China. Requires Radio Free Asia to commence broadcasting to China within 90 days after enactment of this Act.
Medicare Advantage and Prescription Drug Accountability Act of 2004 - Amends part C (Medicare+Choice) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to: (1) require the contract with a Medicare Advantage (MA) organization to provide for a minimum loss ratio and a maximum administrative cost ratio both to be established by the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS); and (2) provide for the audit of administrative costs and compliance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation.

Applies all the requirements of this Act, with appropriate adaptations, to contracts with prescription drug sponsors and prescription drug plans under part D (Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program) of SSA title XVIII.

Amends part C of SSA title XVIII to require each MA organization to provide annually to the Secretary information on each MA plan it offers to establish financial transparency, including a functional listing of the organization's administrative costs, profits, and investment income.

Provides that an election to enroll with an MA plan shall not be effective unless the election form is signed by the individual and specifically acknowledges: (1) that premiums, cost sharing requirements, and benefits under the plan may change at the beginning of each 12-month contract period; (2) the individual may lose coverage of the individual's physician or other provider at the beginning of each such period; (3) the plan may be terminated at the beginning of any such period; and (4) premiums and benefits under the plan may vary based on the county or other MA area in which the plan is offered.

Directs the Secretary to transmit to Congress annual Medicare Advantage accountability and prescription drug reports that include, among other things, a detailed analysis of geographic variation in cost-sharing and premiums.

Requires the HHS Inspector General to audit periodically a representative sample of determinations made by the Secretary regarding MA plans that provide for an actuarially equivalent level of benefits to ensure that the Secretary is only approving plans with benefits that are actuarially equivalent.

Directs the Secretary to report to Congress a comparison of the average benefit payments, administrative costs, profits, and investment income for MA plans with corresponding aspects of the fee-for-service programs under Medicare parts A (Hospital Insurance) and B (Supplementary Medical Insurance) and for group and individual Medicare supplemental policies.
Christopher Reeve Paralysis Act - Permits the Director of the National Institutes of Health (the "Director" of NIH), acting through the Director of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, to expand and coordinate the activities of NIH with respect to research on paralysis. Allows the Director to award grants to public or nonprofit entities to fund Christopher Reeve Paralysis Research Consortia for paralysis research. Permits the Director to solicit public input regarding paralysis research programs.Allows the Director, acting through the Director of the National Institute on Child Health and Human Development and the National Center for Rehabilitation Research and in collaboration with other agencies, to expand and coordinate the activities of NIH with respect to research with implications for enhancing daily function for persons with paralysis. Permits the Director to make grants to multicenter networks of clinical sites that will collaborate on rehabilitation intervention protocols.Permits the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to study the unique health challenges associated with paralysis and other physical disabilities to improve the quality of life and long-term health status of individuals with such conditions. Allows the Secretary to undertake direct research and to make grants. Provides for the formation of a national paralysis and physical disability quality of life plan, a hospital-based paralysis registry, and a Comprehensive Paralysis and Other Physical Disability Quality of Life Program.Allows the Secretary to convene a working group for coordinating paralysis research, public health, and rehabilitation training at the Federal level.
Liver Research Enhancement Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to establish the National Center on Liver Disease Research in the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases.Establishes the Liver Disease Research Advisory Board to help the Director of the Center develop the Liver Disease Research Action Plan identifying scientific opportunities and priorities of liver disease research. Requires the Director to coordinate the Plan's implementation by the national research institutes, which shall allocate adequate funds for same.
Telework Tax Incentive Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow an employer or an employee a tax credit, up to $1,000 per year, for teleworking expenses incurred by or on behalf of a teleworking employee under an arrangement whereby such employee teleworks not less than 75 days per year. Defines "telework" as performing work functions, using electronic information and communication technologies, thereby reducing or eliminating the physical commute to and from the traditional worksite.
American Jobs First Act of 2011 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to extend the election to deduct dividends received by a domestic corporationfrom acontrolled foreigncorporation. Increases the amount of such deduction by increases in the payroll of the domestic corporation over the previous taxable year. Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to provide, by regulations, for a recapture of any portion of the increased tax deduction allowed to a domestic corporation if such corporation'spayroll decreases during either of the two taxable years following the taxable year in which the increased deductionwas allowed.
End Discriminatory State Taxes for Automobile Renters Act of 2015 This bill prohibits a state or local government from levying or collecting a discriminatory tax on the rental of motor vehicles, the business of renting motor vehicles, or motor vehicle rental property. A tax is discriminatory if it is not a generally applicable tax and is only applicable to the rental of motor vehicles, a motor vehicle business, or motor vehicle rental property, but not to the majority of other rentals of tangible personal property within a state or locality. This prohibition does not apply to an already existing tax if such tax does not lapse, the tax rate does not increase, and the tax base for such tax does not change. 
Brownfield Redevelopment Assistance Act of 2005 - Amends the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 to require the Secretary of Commerce to coordinate activities relating to the redevelopment of brownfield sites and the promotion of eco-industrial development under such Act with other Federal agencies, States, local governments, consortia of local governments, Indian tribes, nonprofit organizations, and public-private partnerships.

Authorizes the Secretary to make grants for projects to alleviate or prevent conditions of excessive unemployment, underemployment, blight, and infrastructure deterioration associated with brownfield sites through projects involving: (1) the development of public facilities or services; (2) business development; (3) planning; (4) technical assistance; (5) training; and (6) the purchase of environmental insurance with respect to certain of these activities.

Sets forth grant criteria. Authorizes assistance under this Act for activities identified by a community, the economy of which is injured by one or more brownfield sites.

Authorizes appropriations for brownfield site redevelopment grants for FY 2006 through 2010.

Limits the Federal share of costs for activities funded by such grants to 75 percent of the total.

Defines "brownfield site" by reference to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) as real property the expansion, redevelopment, or reuse of which may be complicated by the presence or potential presence of a hazardous substance, pollutant, or contaminant (subject to certain exclusions), and with respect to which an entity has received or is eligible to receive CERCLA funding for site characterization, assessment, or remediation.
Establishes a 10-year pilot program in certain U.S. district courts under which: (1) those district judges who request to hear cases involving patent or plant variety protection issues are designated by the chief judge to hear them; (2) such cases are randomly assigned to the district court judges, regardless of whether they are designated; (3) a judge not designated to whom such a case is assigned may decline to accept the case; and (4) a case so declined is randomly reassigned to one of those judges so designated.

Requires the Director of the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts to designate at least five U.S. district courts, in at least three different judicial circuits, to carry out the pilot program. Requires such courts to be among the 15 district courts in which the largest number of such cases were filed in the most recent calendar year. States that the Director may only designate a court in which: (1) at least 10 district judges are authorized for presidential appointment; and (2) at least three judges request such cases.

Requires periodic reports on the program to specified congressional committees.

Authorizes appropriations for: (1) educational and professional development of those district judges designated under this Act; and (2) compensation of law clerks with expertise in technical matters arising in patent and plant variety protection cases who are appointed to assist courts in such cases.
Responsible Consumer Financial Protection Regulations Act of 2013 - Amends the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (title X of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) to replace the position of Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) with a five-member Commission whose members are appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. Prohibits the Chair of the Commission from making requests for estimates related to appropriations without the prior approval of the Commission. Revises procedures for funding the CFPB. Eliminates the Consumer Financial Protection Fund and the requirement that the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System transfer funds to the CFPB from the combined earnings of the Federal Reserve System. Authorizes appropriations for FY2013-FY2014. Directs the CFPB, in prescribing a rule under the federal consumer financial laws, to consider the rule's impact on the financial safety or soundness of an insured depository institution.
Savings Enhancement for Education in College Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) make permanent the allowance for payment of expenses for computer technology and equipment from qualified tuition programs, (2) allow a tax credit for contributions to such programs, (3) allow limited direction of investment of contributions or earnings in a qualified tuition program, and (4) allow an exclusion, up to $600, from the gross income of an employee for employer contributions to a qualified tuition program.
Makes this Act effective as of July 1, 2000 (the previous expiration date).
Mandates appointments for additional temporary bankruptcy judgeships in designated districts of the following States: California, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Puerto Rico, Tennessee, and Virginia.
Prohibits filling the first vacancy occurring in such judicial districts five years or more after such appointments if it results from death, retirement, resignation or removal.
Extends temporary bankruptcy judgeship positions authorized for the northern district of Alabama, the eastern district of Tennessee, and the districts of Delaware, Puerto Rico, and South Carolina.
Fallen Heroes of 9/11 Act - Authorizes the President to present to the personal representative or next of kin of each individual who died on or after September 11, 2001, as a direct result of the act of terrorism within the United States on that date, a Fallen Heroes of 9/11 Congressional Medal in recognition of their sacrifice and to honor their deaths.Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to strike: (1) three medals to honor victims of the attack at the World Trade Center (WTC), victims aboard United Airlines Flight 93 that crashed in Pennsylvania, and victims at the Pentagon; and (2) duplicate medals for presentation to each precinct house, firehouse, emergency response station, or other duty station or place of employment to which officers, emergency workers, and other employees of the U.S. Government and of State and local government agencies (including the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey) and others who responded to and perished as a direct result of the WTC attacks were assigned on September 11, 2001.
Eastern New Mexico Rural Water System Authorization Act - Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to provide financial and technical assistance to the Eastern New Mexico Rural Water Authority to assist in planning, designing, conducting preconstruction activities for, and constructing the Eastern New Mexico Rural Water System.

Limits the federal share of the cost of any activity to 75%. Provides that the total cost of the System shall include any costs incurred by the Authority or the state of New Mexico on or after October 1, 2003, for System development.

Makes the Authority responsible for annual operation, maintenance, and replacement costs. Directs the Authority to develop an operation, maintenance, and replacement plan that establishes rates and fees necessary to ensure that the System is properly maintained and capable of delivering approximately 16,500 acre-feet of water per year. Prohibits the use of funds under this Act until such plan is developed and the Secretary and the Authority have complied with applicable requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) enter into a cooperative agreement with the Authority to provide financial and any other assistance requested by the Authority for planning, design, related preconstruction activities, and construction of the System; and (2) consult with the New Mexico Interstate Stream Commission and the Authority in preparing any required biological assessment under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. Authorizes the Secretary, at the Authority's request, to provide technical assistance.

Authorizes appropriations.
Utilizing DNA Technology to Solve Cold Cases Act of 2011 - Requires the Attorney General to adopt policies and procedures to ensure that: (1) the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) may conduct familial searches for DNA samples collected from crime scenes in federal investigations, (2) a CODIS (Combined DNA Index System) state administrator or a state attorney general may request that the FBI conduct such searches in state investigations, and (3) the privacy interests of persons identified in familial searches are protected. Defines "familial search" as a search of the offender index in the National DNA Index System in which a DNA sample from an unknown source collected from a crime scene is compared to such index to determine if a familial match exists between the DNA profile contained in such index and the DNA sample collected from the crime scene.

Allows FBI familial searches to be conducted only if: (1) no identical match for a DNA sample collected from a crime scene can be identified in the offender index; and (2) the investigation for which DNA samples are collected involves murder, voluntary manslaughter, kidnapping, a sex offense against a minor, or an offense for which an offender would be required to register as a tier III sex offender.

Sets forth requirements for state requests for such searches, including assurances that the requesting state will: (1) take steps to facilitate the investigation of familial matches from other states, and (2) investigate possible familial matches in that state before requesting assistance from other states.
Zero Gravity, Zero Tax Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to exclude from gross income: (1) space-related income; and (2) gain on the sale or exchange of any stock of a qualified space corporation.Establishes a space company investment credit for the purchase of qualified stock in a qualified space company.
Requires the Secretary of the Interior to: (1) prepare a management plan for the Monument; and (2) submit such plan to the Committee on Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate.
Authorizes appropriations to carry out annual operation and maintenance.
Directs the Administrator of General Services to convey Governors Island (with the exclusion of the Monument) to New York, subject to specified rights of access.
Requires any use of the conveyed land to be in compliance with: (1) the New York State Environmental Quality Review Act; (2) the Governors Island Preservation and Design Manual.
Clean Coastal Environment and Public Health Act of 2011 - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (commonly known as the Clean Water Act) to require the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA): (1) upon the publication of the new or revised water quality criteria, to publish a list of all pathogens and pathogen indicators studied in developing such criteria; and (2) specify in performance criteria for monitoring and assessing coastal recreation waters adjacent to beaches or similar points of interest (waters) available methods for monitoring protocols that are most likely to detect pathogenic contamination and the source of that contamination.

Requires coastal recreation water quality monitoring and notification programs to include monitoring consistent with such criteria, monitoring, public notification, storm event testing, source tracking, and sanitary surveys. Authorizes such programs to include prevention efforts, not already funded under such Act, to address identified sources of contamination by pathogens and pathogen indicators in such waters that are used by the public.

Revises requirements applicable to state recipients of monitoring and notification program grants, including to require recipients to identify: (1) a rapid testing method to detect levels of pathogens or pathogen indicators that are harmful to human health; and (2) measures for communicating the results of a water sample concerning pollutants within two hours of receipt to specified officials, for ensuring that closures or advisories are made within two hours after the receipt of a water quality sample exceeding standards, and for informing the public of identified sources of pathogenic contamination.

Sets forth provisions concerning: (1) rapid testing methods, including provisions requiring EPA to publish guidance that requires the use, at waters that are used by the public, of rapid testing methods that will enhance the protection of public health and safety through rapid public notification of any exceedance of applicable water quality standards for pathogens and pathogen indicators; and (2) compliance review.

Authorizes appropriations: (1) for grants to states and local governments for developing and implementing monitoring and notification programs for FY2011-FY2015, and (2) to implement the Beaches Environmental Assessment and Coastal Health Act of 2000 through FY2015.

Requires the Administrator to review and update existing monitoring protocols for mercury affecting the coastal recreation waters of the Great Lakes and develop updated recommendations on testing for the presence of mercury affecting such waters, including the presence of mercury in Great Lakes sediment and fish tissue.

 Requires EPA to update within a year and biennially thereafter (currently, periodically) the list indicating which coastal recreation waters adjacent to beaches used by the public are, and which are not, subject to a monitoring and notification program.

Requires EPA to study and report to Congress on: (1) possible revision of the formula for the distribution of monitoring and notification program grants, (2) the long-term impact of climate change on pollution of coastal recreation waters, and (3) the impacts of nutrient excesses and algae blooms on coastal recreation waters.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow small business employers a credit against income tax for employee health insurance expenses the employer pays or incurs.Sets forth formula for deriving amount of credit.Specifies that no amount paid or incurred for health insurance coverage pursuant to a salary reduction arrangement shall be taken into account for purposes of determining the credit.Limits such credit to expenses paid for employees whose total annual wages exceed $5,000 but not $25,000, indexed for inflation.
Healthcare Innovation Zone Pilot Act of 2009 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish a Healthcare Innovation Zone (HIZ) pilot program to increase health care provider integration and align provider incentives to reduce the rate of growth of health care costs while improving quality of care for Medicare, Medicaid, and privately insured patients. Defines an "HIZ" as a geographic region that contains clinical and other entities that provide a full spectrum of health care to such patients and a teaching hospital that has the capacity to conduct health services research and provide clinical training for health professionals.

Requires the HIZ program to: (1) incorporate innovative clinical initiatives for training health professionals in a new model of cost-effective, high-quality health care; and (2) consist of an HIZ planning grant program and an HIZ pilot project.

Directs the Secretary to make up to 25 HIZ planning grants to eligible health care entities for researching and preparing HIZ design plans, which shall describe the HIZ Coordinating Entity (who will receive and administer payments under the program), how care will be provided, how spending will be reduced, how providers will be integrated and delivery processes changed to reduce costs and improve care, the target population,quality improvement metrics, training, data collection mechanisms, methods for monitoring health costs and use, a strategy to improve prevention, mechanisms to achieve community involvement, payment methodology options, and startup and operating costs.

Directs the Secretary to establish an HIZ pilot project to test the effectiveness of HIZs in reducing the rate of growth of health care costs while improving quality of care.
American Fighter Aces Congressional Gold Medal Act - Directs the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate to arrange for the presentation of a single congressional gold medal in honor of the American Fighter Aces, collectively, in recognition of their heroic military service and defense of the nation's freedom. Requires the medal to be given to the Smithsonian Institution for display and research purposes. Expresses the sense of Congress that the medal should be made available for display elsewhere, particularly at locations associated with the American Fighter Aces. Authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to strike and sell bronze duplicates of the gold medal at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medals.
Veterans Dog Training Therapy Act - Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program for assessing the effectiveness of addressing post-deployment mental health and post-traumatic stress disorder symptoms through a therapeutic medium of service dog training and handling for veterans with disabilities. Requires such program to be carried out at Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) medical centers that can provide training areas for such purposes.
Veterans' Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 1999 - Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase, as of December 1, 1999, the rates of veterans' disability compensation, additional compensation for dependents, the clothing allowance for certain disabled adult children, and dependency and indemnity compensation for surviving spouses and children. 
Requires each such increase to be the same percentage as the increase provided under title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) of the Social Security Act, on the same effective date, and to be published at the same time the latter increases are published. 
Revises codified amounts to reflect the December 1, 1998, cost-of-living adjustment to the veterans' compensation rates.
Disaster Savings Accounts Act of 2013 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) establish tax-exempt disaster savings accounts to pay the expenses of homeowners for equipment and materials for mitigating the effects of a natural disaster, (2) allow a deduction from gross income (above-the-line deduction) up to $5,000 (adjusted annually for inflation) in a taxable year for cash contributions to such accounts, and (3) set forth tax rules for account distributions and failure to report on disaster savings accounts.
Support for Democracy and Human Rights in Ethiopia Act of 2008 - States that the President should take additional steps to support the implementation of democracy and governance institutions and organizations in Ethiopia consistent with the Ethiopian Constitution of 1994 and related national law, including: (1) support of democracy development; (2) promotion of judicial independence; (3) support of human rights programs, especially regarding women and minorities; (4) expansion of the Voice of America (VOA) and other independent media; (5) support of international efforts to gain full access to the Ogaden and other conflict-affected regions; and (6) support of a United Nations Special Envoy to launch a dialogue to bring about the normalization of relations between Ethiopia and Eritrea and who works with both governments to address issues of stability both along their border as well as more broadly across the Horn of Africa, including in Somalia.

Authorizes appropriations.
Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2011 - Requires the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency to: (1) suspend the compensation packages approved for 2011 for the executive officers of the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) (government-sponsored enterprises or GSEs); and (2) establish, in lieu of such packages, a compensation system for such officers in accordance with the schedules of compensation and benefits established and adjusted pursuant to the compensation schedule comparability requirements of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989.

Expresses the sense of Congress that each executive officer of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac performing services for an enterprise on the date of enactment of this Act whose compensation package is suspended should return to the Secretary of the Treasury (clawback) any compensation earned in 2010 and 2011 that was in excess of the maximum annual rate of basic pay authorized for a position in level I of the Executive Schedule.

Instructs the Secretary of the Treasury to transfer any such amounts returned to the Secretary to a specified account in the Treasury for receiving gifts and proceeds from their sale or redemption, and dedicated to reducing the public debt.

Subjects Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac executive officers to the executive compensation requirements of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008.

Prohibits the compensation of any executive officer of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac whose compensation package is suspended under this Act from exceeding the compensation of the highest compensated employee of the Federal Housing Finance Agency.

Establishes requirements for determining compensation rates for GSE employees according to the General Schedule for federal civil service employees.

Declares that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac employees shall not be considered federal employees.
Amends the Organic Act of Guam to revise the local judicial structure of Guam to vest judicial authority, not only in the District Court of Guam (as currently), but also in a unified judicial system composed of: (1) an appellate court designated as the "Supreme Court of Guam"; (2) a trial court designated as the "Superior Court of Guam"; and (3) such other lower local courts as may have been or may hereafter be established by the laws of Guam.

Authorizes the Supreme Court of Guam to create divisions of the Superior Court and other local courts of Guam.Lists the courts of record for Guam.Outlines the jurisdiction and powers of the local courts.Provides that the qualifications and duties of the justices and judges of the courts shall be governed by the laws of Guam and the rules of such courts.Repeals provisions granting the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit jurisdiction to review all final decisions of the Supreme Court of Guam (effectively allowing direct review of such decisions to the Supreme Court of the United States).
Fallen Heroes of 9/11 Act - Authorizes the President to award a medal to be known as the "Fallen Heroes of 9/11 Congressional Medal," to the personal representative or next of kin of individuals killed as a result of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, in recognition of their sacrifice and to honor their deaths.

Instructs the Secretary of the Treasury to strike three medals, to be representative of and in honor of, respectively: (1) victims of the attack at the World Trade Center, including civilians, public safety officers, emergency workers, and hijack victims; (2) victims aboard United Airlines Flight 93 that crashed in Pennsylvania; and (3) victims at the Pentagon, including the hijack victims.

Declares eligible for such medal any individual who died on or after September 11, 2001, as a direct result of that act of terrorism within the United States.

States the medals are national medals.
Citizen Involvement in Campaigns Act of 2002 - Permits an individual a tax credit of up to $200 ($400 in the case of a joint return), equal to the verified amount of certain political contributions the individual made during the taxable year. Denies a deduction for any amount taken into account in determining the credit permitted in this Act.Allows a deduction of up to $600 ($1200 for a joint return). Allows the deduction whether or not a taxpayer itemizes other deductions.
America's Law Enforcement and Mental Health Project - Amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to States, State courts, local courts, units of local government, and Indian tribal governments, acting directly or through agreements with other public or nonprofit entities, for 25 programs that involve: (1) continuing judicial supervision, including periodic review at least every 45 days, over preliminarily qualified offenders with mental illness, mental retardation, or co-occurring mental illness and substance abuse disorders who are charged with non-violent misdemeanors, for a period not to exceed one year; and (2) the integrated administration of services, which includes specialized training of law enforcement and judicial personnel to identify and address the unique needs of a mentally ill or mentally retarded offender, voluntary diversion into outpatient or inpatient mental health treatment that carries with it the possibility of prosecution of the original criminal charge if the mentally ill or mentally retarded defendant is noncompliant with program requirements, centralized case management involving the consolidation of all of a mentally ill or mentally retarded defendant's misdemeanor cases (including violations of misdemeanor probation) and the coordination of all treatment plans of mental health and social service providers, and life skills training. 
Defines "preliminarily qualified offender with mental illness, mental retardation, or co-occurring mental and substance abuse disorders" to mean a person who: (1) previously or currently has been diagnosed by a qualified mental health professional as having a mental illness, mental retardation, or co-occurring mental and substance abuse disorders or who manifests obvious signs of mental illness, mental retardation, or co-occurring mental and substance abuse disorders during arrest or confinement or before any court; and (2) is deemed eligible for diversion by designated judges. 
Directs the Attorney General to issue regulations and guidelines necessary to carry out this Act, including the methodologies and outcome measures proposed for evaluating each applicant program. 
Sets forth provisions regarding application requirements, the Federal cost share (75 percent), geographic distribution of grants, reporting requirements, and technical assistance, training, and evaluation.  Authorizes appropriations.
Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require license applications for new drug and biological product to assess such drug's or product's safety and effectiveness for relevant pediatric subpopulations, including dosage.Permits extrapolation from adult studies where the course of the disease and the effects of the drug are sufficiently similar in all populations.Permits deferral of such assessments if adult studies are completed earlier and the applicant submits a plan for or a description of planned or ongoing pediatric studies.Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services to specify a date for submission of pediatric assessments if a drug's or product's use or need in the pediatric populations so dictates. States that drugs or products with delayed assessments will be deemed misbranded and subject to seizure and injunctive proceedings, though not penalties.Permits full waiver of such assessments if: (1) studies are highly impracticable or impossible and the evidence suggests that the drug or product would be ineffective or unsafe in all pediatric age groups; or (2) there is no meaningful therapeutic advantage or benefit in the pediatric population and little risk if used as labeled. Permits partial waivers at the request of an applicant for a specific pediatric subpopulation if any of the full waiver grounds apply to that subpopulation or reasonable attempts for a pediatric formulation for that subpopulation have failed. Requires labels of these drugs or products to reflect such waivers.
Buy American Improvement Act of 2003 - Amends the Buy American Act to: (1) prohibit Federal agencies from making a determination that it would not be in the public interest to enter into a contract subject to Buy American requirements after a procurement notice for such contract is published; and (2) provide that Buy American requirements shall apply without regard to whether products are acquired for use outside the United States if they are not needed on an urgent basis or if they are acquired on a regular basis (but requires an analysis of the difference in costs of such products from manufacturers inside and outside the United States before a contract is entered).

Requires Federal agencies to: (1) give preference in the procurement process to a company that manufactures the solicited product in the United States if such company's bid is substantially the same as a bid made by a non-U.S. manufacturer or such company is the only company that manufactures the product in the United States; and (2) report annually on agency acquisitions from entities that manufacture products outside the United States.

 Prohibits an agency head from making any determination that articles to be procured are not available from domestic sources without conducting a study that determine that domestic production cannot be initiated to meet procurement needs and that a comparable product is not available from a company in the United States.

Defines a product as made "substantially all" from domestic components when the cost of such components exceeds 75 percent.

Requires the Comptroller General to report to Congress with recommendations for defining "unreasonable cost" and "inconsistent with the public interest" for purposes of applying waivers of Buy American requirements.

Prohibits an agency from entering a contract with a foreign entity that involves giving such entity information that would facilitate the manufacture of a dual-use item on the Commerce Control List unless approval has been obtained in accordance with the Export Administration Act of 1979.
Lifespan Respite Care Act of 2005 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants or cooperative agreements to a recommended agency, organization, or political subdivision to develop respite care programs at the state or local level or to evaluate the effectiveness of such care. Defines "respite care" to mean planned or emergency care provided to a child or adult with a special need in order to provide temporary relief to the family caregiver.

Instructs the Secretary to work cooperatively with existing federal respite program officers to ensure coordination of services for family caregivers. Directs the Secretary to: (1) establish a review panel to make recommendations on applicants; and (2) give priority to applicants with the greatest likelihood of implementing or enhancing lifespan respite care statewide. Permits the use of funds for respite care services and training programs for volunteers and family caregivers. Limits grants to five years. Directs the Secretary to award a grant or cooperative agreement to a public or private nonprofit entity to establish the National Resource Center on Lifespan Respite Care to: (1) maintain a national database on lifespan respite care; (2) provide training and technical assistance to state, community, and nonprofit respite care programs; and (3) provide information, referral, and educational programs to the public on lifespan respite care.
Unborn Victims of Violence Act of 2004 or Laci and Conner's Law - Provides that persons who commit certain Federal violent crimes (conduct that violates specified provisions of the Federal criminal code, the Controlled Substances Act of 1970, or the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, or specified articles of the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) ) and thereby cause the death of, or bodily injury to, a child who is in utero shall be guilty of a separate offense. Requires the punishment for that separate offense to be the same as provided under Federal law for that conduct had that injury or death occurred to the unborn child's mother (or in the case of a UCMJ violation, to be such punishment as a court-martial may direct, which shall be consistent with the punishments prescribed by the President for such conduct had that injury or death occurred to the unborn child's mother).

Declares that such a separate offense does not require proof that: (1) the person who committed the offense knew or should have known that the victim of the underlying offense was pregnant; or (2) the defendant (or accused) intended to harm the unborn child. Prohibits imposition of the death penalty for such an offense. Bars prosecution under this Act: (1) of any person for conduct relating to an abortion for which the consent of the pregnant woman (or a person authorized by law to act on her behalf) has been obtained or is implied by law or for conduct relating to any medical treatment of the pregnant woman or her unborn child; or (2) of any woman with respect to her unborn child.
Aviation Medical Assistance Act of 1998 - Directs the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to review and reevaluate FAA regulations regarding:  (1) the equipment required to be carried in medical kits of aircraft operated by air carriers; and (2) the training required of flight attendants in the use of such equipment.  Requires the Administrator to issue a notice of proposed rulemaking to make any revisions to such regulations as a result of such reevaluation. 
Requires major air carriers to make a good faith effort to report monthly to the Administrator, over the course of a year, regarding deaths on aircrafts. 
Requires the Administrator to make a decision whether automatic external defibrillators should be required on aircraft and at airports. Prohibits the Administrator from requiring them on helicopters and on aircraft with a maximum payload capacity of 7,500 pounds or less. 
Declares that an individual shall not be liable for damages in any action brought in Federal or State court arising out of acts or omissions in providing or attempting to provide assistance to a passenger in an in-flight medical emergency, except for gross negligence or willful misconduct.
Cardiac Arrest Survival Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require that certain permitted field studies, large-scale testing and evaluation, and demonstrations of the National Heart, Blood Vessel, Lung, and Blood Diseases and Blood Resources Program include: (1) the development and dissemination of a core content for a model State cardiac arrest training program for inclusion in emergency medical services educational curricula and training programs addressing lifesaving interventions; and (2) related matters. 
Establishes as an independent executive branch agency the Commission on Cardiac Arrest Survival.  Authorizes appropriations.
New Skills for New Jobs Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury, on a quarterly basis, to make payments to an eligible community college in an amount equal to the aggregate new job tax withholding matches for qualified training provided to job trainees who are U.S. citizens. Defines &quot;qualified training&quot; as education or training to provide an individual with the education or skills necessary to perform the job for which such individual will be employed or with licenses or certificates necessary for such employment. Requires that any job for which a trainee is hired be a new job.  Defines "eligible community college" as a public institution of higher education: (1)&nbsp;at which the majority of degrees awarded are two-year degrees that are acceptable for full credit toward a baccalaureate degree, (2) that is located in a state that has a state new jobs tax credit program in effect, and (3) that participates in such program by having in effect&nbsp;a contract that meets specified requirements of such program.
Maximize Offshore Resource Exploration Act of 2008, or the MORE Act of 2008 - Declares without force or effect all federal prohibitions against the expenditure of appropriated funds to conduct natural gas leasing and pre-leasing activities for any area of the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS).

Revokes all withdrawals of federal submerged lands from leasing for oil and natural gas exploration and production.

Amends the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from granting an oil or natural gas lease for any OCS located within 25 miles of a state coastline unless the state has enacted a law approving the issuance of such leases by the Secretary.

Sets forth an allocation schedule for a 75% state share of revenues derived from U.S. royalties under qualified oil and gas leases on submerged lands located within the seaward boundaries of a state.

Extends the jurisdiction of state civil and criminal law, as appropriate, to the Alaska, Pacific, Gulf of Mexico, and Atlantic OCS Region State Adjacent Zones and OCS Planning Areas.
Amends Federal laws concerning civilian and military health care to require any health benefits plan under the Federal Employees Health Benefit Program or TRICARE (a Department of Defense managed health care program) that provides obstetrical benefits to also provide coverage for the diagnosis and treatment of infertility, including nonexperimental assisted reproductive technology procedures.
Workplace Goods Job Growth and Competitiveness Act of 2006 - Prohibits the filing of a civil action against a manufacturer or seller of a durable good (except a motor vehicle, vessel, aircraft, or train that is used primarily to transport passengers for hire) more than 12 years after it was delivered to its first purchaser or lessee for: (1) damage to property allegedly caused by that good; or (2) damages for death or personal injury allegedly caused by that good if the claimant has received or is eligible to receive worker compensation and the injury does not involve a toxic harm (including, but not limited to, any asbestos-related harm).

Declares that this Act: (1) shall not bar an action against a defendant who made an express warranty in writing as to the safety or life expectancy of a specific product for a period of more than 12 years (except that this Act shall apply at the expiration of such warranty); (2) does not affect the limitations period established by the General Aviation Revitalization Act of 1994; (3) does not supersede or modify any statute or common law that authorizes an action for civil damages, cost recovery, or any other form of relief for remediation of the environment; (4) does not affect regulatory enforcement actions brought by state or federal agencies; and (5) does not bar a civil action against a manufacturer or seller of a durable good who fraudulently concealed a defect in it.
Coal Accountability and Retired Employee Act of 2013 or CARE Act - Amends the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer specified excess funds derived from coal mine operator-paid reclamation fees to the trustees of the 1974 United Mine Workers of America (UMWA) Pension Plan for use solely to pay pension benefits required under such Plan. Amends the Internal Revenue Code to revise 1992 UMWA Benefit Plan eligibility requirements. Makes eligible for health benefits from the 1992 UMWA Benefit Plan an individual who would be eligible to receive benefits from the 1974 UMWA Benefit Plan (with a specified exception) following a bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding of a coal mine operator, but who does not receive from that operator or any related person health benefits at least equal to those received under the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977. Prescribes a special rule to state that employer contributions to an employees' trust or annuity benefit plan providing supplemental benefits solely to participants in a pension plan are neither deductible nor nondeductible as such from the employer's gross income. Subjects such contributions, on the other hand, to the requirements for deduction as an allowable trade or business expense. Treats a trust holding the assets of such a pension benefit plan as a tax-exempt organization. Excludes from wages any payments made to, or on behalf of, an employee or his or her beneficiary under such a plan.
Federal Communications Commission Authorization Act of 1994 - Amends the Communications Act of 1934 (the Act) to authorize appropriations for the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for FY 1995.  Derives a portion of the sum of such appropriations in each fiscal year in an amount determined from the establishment and adjustment of regulatory fees under the Act. 
Repeals provisions of the Act regarding the travel and reimbursement program. 
Amends the Federal Communications Commission Authorization Act of 1988 to authorize the FCC during FY 1995 to:  (1) make grants to, or enter into cooperative agreements with, private nonprofit organizations designated under the Older Americans Act; and (2) expend funds as required to relocate the Hawaii Monitoring Station. 
Revises the schedule of application fees for personal communications services and amateur vanity call signs under the Act. Sets forth provisions regarding:  (1) use of such moneys; (2) recovery of executive and legal costs incurred by the FCC; (3) establishment and adjustment of fees; (4) regulatory fees for satellite television operations; and (5) governmental entities use for common carrier purposes. 
Directs the FCC to:  (1) develop accounting systems for the purposes of making adjustments authorized by this Act; and (2) annually prepare and submit to the Congress an analysis of such systems and afford interested persons the opportunity to submit comments concerning the allocation of costs. 
Authorizes the FCC to:  (1) designate an entity to make inspections of ship radio stations; and (2) narrow the circumstances under which the required annual inspection may be waived in the public interest. 
Sets forth provisions regarding:  (1) expedited Instructional Television Fixed Service processing; (2) tariff rejection authority; (3) refund authority; (4) licensing of aviation, maritime, and personal radio services by rule; (5) forfeitures for violations imperiling safety of life; (6) use of experts and consultants; and (7) the statute of limitations for forfeiture proceedings against common carriers. 
Directs the FCC to report to the Congress on the existing and future use of the FM band to facilitate the use of auditory assistive devices for individuals with hearing impairments.
National Geologic Mapping Reauthorization Act of 2005 - Amends the National Geologic Mapping Act of 1992 to extend deadlines for development of a five-year strategic plan for the geologic mapping program and for appointment of the advisory committee.

Removes from program objectives the development of a geophysical- and geochemical-map database. Directs that mapping priorities be based in part on the needs of the Department of the Interior land management agencies.

Modifies the composition of the advisory committee and increases the number of members on such committee. Requires the advisory committee to provide a scientific overview of geologic maps (including maps of geologic-based hazards) used or disseminated by federal agencies for regulation or land-use planning. Directs that the national geologic map database include all maps developed with funding provided by the National Cooperative Geologic Mapping Program, including under the federal, state, and education components.

Authorizes appropriations for each of FY2006-FY2015. Increases the percentages allocated for the state and education components.
Western Shoshone Claims Distribution Act - (Sec. 2) Provides for the per capita distribution of shares of specified funds appropriated in satisfaction of a judgment award granted to the Western Shoshone Indians in Docket Number 326-K before the Indian Claims Commission (ICC).Requires the Secretary of the Interior to establish a Western Shoshone Judgement Roll consisting of all Western Shoshones who have at least 1/4 degree of Western Shoshone Blood, are U.S. citizens, and are living on the date of enactment of this Act.Makes ineligible for enrollment under this Act any individuals who are eligible to receive other judgment awards from the ICC, the United States Claims Court, or the Unites States Court of Federal Claims.Requires the Secretary to publish rules and regulations governing the establishment of the Judgment Roll and specifies per capita distribution requirements (including those for heirs of deceased beneficiaries, incompetents, and minors).(Sec. 3) Provides for distribution of specified funds appropriated in satisfaction of the judgment awards granted in Docket Numbers 326-A-1 and 326-A-3 before the U.S. Court of Federal Claims.Requires the Secretary to establish, for the benefit of Western Shoshone members, the Western Shoshone Educational Trust Fund, to which such funds shall be credited.Requires that all accumulated and future interest and income from the Trust Fund be distributed: (1) as educational grants and assistance to individual Western Shoshone members as determined appropriate by the Administrative Committee established by this Act to oversee such distribution; and (2) to pay reasonable and necessary expenses of the Administrative Committee.Specifies the membership and duties of the Administrative Committee.
Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to eligible nonprofit community based pregnancy help medical clinics to purchase ultrasound equipment to provide free examinations to pregnant women, under the direction and supervision of a licensed medical physician. Conditions eligibility on a clinic agreeing to provide each examined woman a visual image, the age, and a physical description of the fetus and information on abortion and alternatives.
Montgomery GI Bill Second Chance Act of 2007 - Authorizes certain members of the Armed Forces to make an irrevocable election during October of any year beginning in 2005 to become entitled to basic educational assistance under the Montgomery GI Bill.

Requires a reduction in basic pay of those members electing such educational assistance or, if the member is discharged or released from active duty prior to such reduction, the collection of specified amounts from the member or an equivalent reduction in retired or retainer pay.

Requires the Secretary concerned, in conjunction with the Secretary of Defense, to provide notice of the opportunity created by this Act to elect educational assistance under the Montgomery GI Bill.
(Sec. 4) Prohibits the discharge of or any other discrimination against an individual for opposing any act or practice made unlawful by this Act, or for assisting in an investigation or proceeding under it.
(Sec. 5) Directs courts, in any action brought under this Act for violation of such prohibition, to allow expert fees as part of the costs awarded to prevailing plaintiffs. Allows any such action to be maintained as a class action.
(Sec. 6) Requires employers subject to such prohibition to: (1) preserve records which document and support the method, system, calculations, and other bases used by the employer in establishing, adjusting, and determining the wages paid to their employees, for periods of time prescribed by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC); and (2) make reports to the EEOC.
(Sec. 7) Directs the EEOC to: (1) undertake studies and provide information and technical assistance to employers, labor organizations, and the general public concerning effective means available to implement this Act; (2) carry on a continuing program of research, education, and technical assistance with specified components related to the purposes of this Act; and (3) include a separate evaluation and appraisal regarding the implementation of this Act in its annual report to the Congress.
(Sec. 8) Makes conforming amendments relating to congressional and executive branch employees under the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 and the Presidential and Executive Office Accountability Act.
Children's Recovery from Trauma Act This bill amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to support programs that provide for the continued operation of the National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative (NCTSI) and for research on evidence-based practices for identifying and treating children and youth with mental, behavioral, and biological disorders resulting from witnessing or experiencing a traumatic event. HHS must award a cooperative agreement to a comprehensive national coordinating center to oversee NCTSI activities. The NCTSI coordinating center must: (1) collect, analyze, and report data to establish the effectiveness of early identification and delivery of treatment and services; (2) focus on the development of services and resources to prevent the long-term consequences of child trauma; (3) collaborate with federal research institutions; and (4) collaborate with HHS in the dissemination of evidence-based and trauma-informed interventions, treatments, products, and other resources.
National Family Enterprise Preservation Act of 1995 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to increase the estate tax credit and the gift tax credit by amounts equal to the value of any family enterprise property, with limitations. 
Increases the gift tax exclusion by the value of gifts of family enterprise property, with limitations. 
Establishes a formula for determining the value of family enterprise property. 
Increases the limitation on the aggregate reduction in fair market value of certain farm property and other real property.
Fort Donelson National Battlefield Expansion Act of 2002 - Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to acquire for inclusion in the Fort Donelson National Battlefield land, interests, and improvements: (1) within the boundaries of the Battlefield; and (2) outside such boundaries if the land has been identified by the American Battlefield Protection Program as part of the battlefield associated with Fort Donelson or if the Secretary otherwise determines that acquisition will protect critical resources associated with the Battle of Fort Donelson in1862 and the Union campaign that resulted in the capture of the Fort. Limits the total area encompassed by the Battlefield to 2,000 acres.Directs the Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into a memorandum of understanding to facilitate cooperatively protecting and interpreting the remaining vestige of Fort Henry and other remaining Civil War resources in the Land Between the Lakes National Recreation Area affiliated with the Fort Donelson campaign.
Young Americans Financial Literacy Act  Authorizes the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to make competitive grants to, and enter agreements with, eligible institutions to establish centers of excellence to support research, development and planning, implementation, and evaluation of effective programs in financial literacy education for young people and families ages 8-24 years old. Limits the aggregate amount of grants made under this Act during any fiscal year. Sunsets the grant program at the end of FY2018. Defines &quot;eligible institution&quot; as a partnership of two or more of the following: (1) an institution of higher education; (2) a local educational agency; (3) a nonprofit agency, organization, or association; or (4) a financial institution. 
Long-Term Care Affordability and Security Act of 2007 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) include long-term care insurance as a benefit under tax-exempt employee benefit cafeteria plans and flexible spending arrangements; and (2) make certain consumer protections applicable to long-term care insurance.
Investment for America Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to reinstate a ten percent investment tax credit for domestic property placed in service after December 31, 1992.  Defines domestic property as property completed in the United States and at least 60 percent of the basis of the property is attributable to value added within the United States. 
Allows a tax credit for seven percent of the aggregate amount paid for the purchase of domestic durable goods.  Limits such credit to $1,000. 
Permits a tax credit equal to qualified payments made for the purchase of an American automobile.  Defines "qualified payments" as State or local sales tax imposed on the purchase of the automobile and interest on the automobile loan. 
Prohibits a product from bearing a label which suggests that it was made in America unless:  (1) the product has been registered with the Department of Commerce; and (2) the Secretary of Commerce has determined that 60 percent of the product was manufactured in, and final assembly took place in, the United States. 
Requires the registry of American-made products with the Department of Commerce. 
Prescribes penalties for the fraudulent use of labels.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to make revisions concerning the treatment of tip income for specified services, including treating a limited amount of tips as property transferred by gift.
Healthcare Innovation Zone Program Act of 2009 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish a Healthcare Innovation Zone (HIZ) pilot program, consisting of an HIZ planning grant program and an HIZ demonstration project, to increase health care provider integration and align health care provider incentives to improve health and reduce health care costs.

Defines an "HIZ" as an integrated health care delivery network that works with local employers, community leaders, and private and governmental payors in a geographic region and that: (1) provides a full spectrum of care, including inpatient, outpatient, post-acute, and preventive care, to individuals, including Medicare beneficiaries; (2) has an academic medical center that provides tertiary and quaternary care, has existing capabilities to conduct health services research, and provides clinical training for health professionals; and (3) is able to accept alternative payment structures beyond fee-for-service and per diem amounts.

Directs the Secretary to award between 10 and 25 grants of $250,000 to $1 million each to eligible entities for purposes of researching and preparing an HIZ model plan. Lists required contents of a plan, including: (1) a description of innovative models of care that improve quality and decrease costs; (2) a provider network that will provide the full spectrum of care; and (3) a target population and mechanisms to enroll such population.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) establish an HIZ demonstration project to test the effectiveness of HIZs in increasing health care provider integration, improving health care services, and reducing health care costs; and (2) select project participants from HIV model plan grant recipients. Requires the project to operate for at least three years, subject to renewal at the Secretary's discretion.

Requires an HIZ established under this Act to provide comprehensive health care services to individuals who voluntarily enroll to receive such services for multi-year periods from the HIZ.
Jacob Wetterling Crimes Against Children Registration Act - Directs the Attorney General to establish guidelines for State programs requiring persons convicted of a criminal offense against a minor to register a current address with a designated State law enforcement agency (LEA) for ten years after being released from prison or being placed on parole, supervised release, or probation. 
Sets forth requirements for an approved State registration program, including requirements to: (1) inform persons of their duty to register and obtain the information required for such registration; (2) inform such persons of requirements applicable if they change residence to another State; (3) obtain fingerprints and a photograph; and (4) enter information into the State law enforcement record system.  Directs the officer (or, in the case of a person placed on probation, the court) to forward required information to the designated State LEA, which shall immediately transmit the conviction data and fingerprints to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
Provides that the information collected under a State registration program shall be treated as private data on individuals and may be disclosed only to LEAs for investigative purposes or to government agencies conducting confidential background checks with fingerprints on applicants for child care positions or other positions involving contact with children. 
Requires a person who has been convicted of an offense which triggered registration in a State to register a new address with a designated LEA in another State to which the person moves within ten days of establishing residence in the new State, if such State has a registration requirement. 
Subjects a person required to register under a State program who knowingly fails to register and keep such registration current to criminal penalties in that State. 
Specifies that the allocation of Bureau of Justice Assistance grant funds under the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 received by a State not complying with the provisions of this Act within three years may be reduced by ten percent.  Requires such unallocated funds to be reallocated to the States in compliance with this Act.
Melanie Blocker Stokes Mom's Opportunity to Access Health, Education, Research, and Support for Postpartum Depression Act or the Melanie Blocker Stokes MOTHERS Act - Title I: Research on Postpartum Conditions - (Sec. 101) Encourages the Secretary of Health and Human Services to continue: (1) activities on postpartum depression; and (2) research to expand the understanding of the causes of, and treatments for, postpartum conditions.

(Sec. 102) Expresses the sense of Congress that the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health may conduct a nationally representative longitudinal study of the relative mental health consequences for women of resolving a pregnancy in various ways, including carrying the pregnancy to term and parenting the child, carrying the pregnancy to term and placing the child for adoption, miscarriage, and having an abortion.

Title II: Delivery of Services Regarding Postpartum Conditions - (Sec. 201) Amends the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary to make grants for projects for the establishment, operation, and coordination of effective and cost-efficient systems for the delivery of essential services to individuals with a postpartum condition and their families. Directs the Secretary to ensure that such projects provide education and services with respect to the diagnosis and management of postpartum conditions. Authorizes such projects to include: (1) delivering or enhancing outpatient home-based health and support services; and (2) providing education to new mothers and their families about postpartum conditions to promote earlier diagnosis and treatment. Sets forth grant requirements. Authorizes the Secretary to provide technical assistance to entities seeking a grant.

 Title III: General Provisions - (Sec. 301) Authorizes appropriations for FY2010-FY2012.

(Sec. 302) Directs the Secretary to study and report to Congress on the benefits of screening for postpartum conditions.

(Sec. 303) Prohibits the Secretary from utilizing amounts appropriated under this Act to carry out activities or programs that are duplicative of activities or programs that are already being carried out through the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).
Amends the Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 to revise the membership, operation, and duties of the Board of Directors, expanding its size from three to nine members, and requiring such members to be legal residents of the service area.
Provides for the transfer of the United States Postal Service to a private corporation. 
Directs the President to transmit to the Congress:  (1) a comprehensive plan providing for the transfer of property subject to this Act; and (2) recommendations for legislation as necessary. 
Establishes the Postal Privatization Commission to:  (1) carry out functions relating to the issuance of securities to postal employees; and (2) consult with the President on the transfer.
Global Investment in American Jobs Act of 2013 - Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) U.S. ability to attract foreign direct investment is directly linked to U.S. long-term economic prosperity, global competitiveness, and security; (2) it should be mindful of the potential impact upon the U.S. ability to attract foreign direct investment when evaluating proposed legislation; (3) it is a top national priority to enhance U.S. competitiveness, prosperity, and security by removing unnecessary barriers to foreign direct investment and the U.S. jobs it creates and promoting policies to ensure the United States remains the premier global destination in which to invest, hire, innovate, and manufacture products; (4) maintaining the U.S. commitment to open investment policy encourages other countries to do the same and enables the United States to open new markets abroad for U.S. companies and their products; and (5) U.S. policies regarding foreign direct investment should reflect national security interests and should not disadvantage domestic investors or companies.  Directs the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an interagency review of the U.S. global competitiveness in attracting foreign direct investment and report to Congress recommendations for making the United States more competitive in attracting foreign direct investment without undermining fundamental domestic labor, consumer, or environmental protections.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to require the Secretary of the Treasury to establish a registration system for payroll tax deposit agents. Requires such agents to: (1) submit to a bond or annual audit; (2) make certain disclosures to their clients concerning liability for payment of employment taxes; and (3) pay penalties for failing to collect or pay over employment taxes or for attempting to evade or defeat payment of such taxes.
.   Pro bono Work to Empower and Represent Act of 2015 or the POWER Act  (Sec. 3) This bill requires the U.S. Attorney for a judicial district to lead at least one public event that promotes pro bono legal services as a critical way to: (1) empower survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking; and (2) engage citizens in assisting those survivors. A special but similar rule applies to districts containing Indian tribes and tribal organizations. Each U.S. Attorney shall: (1) have discretion on the design, organization, and implementation of such public events; and (2) seek to maximize an event's local impact and the access of such survivors to high-quality pro bono legal services. (Sec. 5) The Department of Justice shall use existing funds to carry out this Act.
FDA Scientific Fairness for Women Act - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to establish the Office of Women's Health within the Office of the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).

Prohibits the Secretary of Health and Human Services from finding that a reasonable assurance of safety has been shown for an application for premarket approval for a class III device for a breast implant unless the applicant involved has established the lifetime of the implant and demonstrates that safety has been demonstrated for the life of the implant. Requires the Secretary to determine appropriate clinical care and removal and replacement requirements for the implant, including appropriate coverage by government health care systems.

Sets forth provisions governing any FDA advisory committee that considers issues concerning breast implants, including that the Secretary may not grant any exemption for conflicts related to personal financial interests.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) provide for a study on the ionization and levels of platinum in silicone breast implants; and (2) establish a panel of independent scientists for the purpose of designing and conducting the study.

Requires the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, to convene a scientific workshop to review and evaluate current scientific data on the use of emergency contraception by females of childbearing potential under the age of 18, including scientific questions identified in the recent limited approval of Plan B emergency contraception.
Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act This bill amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to revise the objectives for the civilian nuclear energy research and development programs of the Department of Energy (DOE).  DOE shall carry out a specified program to enhance U.S. capabilities to develop new reactor technologies and related systems technologies through high-performance computation modeling and simulation techniques.  DOE shall: (1) determine the mission need for a versatile reactor-based fast neutron source, which shall operate as a national user facility; and (2) submit a plan to Congress for establishment of such a facility.  DOE may enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) to establish a National Nuclear Innovation Center that:   enables the testing and demonstration of reactor concepts to be proposed and funded by the private sector, establishes and operates a database to store and share data and knowledge on nuclear science between federal agencies and private industry, and  establishes capabilities to develop and test reactor electric and nonelectric integration and energy conversion systems.   DOE shall submit to Congress three alternative 10-year budget plans for civilian nuclear energy research and development.  The NRC shall report to Congress on:   the extent to which it is capable of licensing advanced reactor designs developed under this bill by the end of a specified four-year period, and  any organizational or institutional barriers it will need to overcome to be able to license such designs.  
Ratifies the "Agreement Concerning Transfer of Lands at Adak Naval Complex" executed by the Aleut Corporation, the Department of the Interior, and the Department of the Navy.  Removes such lands from the National Wildlife Refuge System.
Aviation Medical Assistance Act of 1998 - Directs the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to reevaluate regulations regarding:  (1) the equipment required to be carried in medical kits of aircraft operated by air carriers; and (2) the training required of flight attendants in the use of such equipment. Requires the Administrator to issue a notice of proposed rulemaking to make any modifications to such regulations as a result of such reevaluation. 
Requires major air carriers to make a good faith effort to report quarterly to the Administrator, over the course of a year, regarding deaths on aircrafts. 
Requires the Administrator to decide whether or not to require automatic external defibrillators on passenger aircraft and at airports.  Prohibits the Administrator from requiring them on helicopters and on aircraft with a maximum payload capacity of 7,500 pounds or less. 
States that, if the Administrator decides that automatic external defibrillators should be required at airports, the proposed rulemaking or recommendation shall provide that the airports are responsible for providing the defibrillators. 
Declares that an air carrier shall not be liable for damages in any action brought in a Federal or State court arising out of the carrier's performance in obtaining or attempting to obtain the assistance of a passenger in an in-flight medical emergency, or out of the passenger's acts or omissions while rendering such assistance, if the passenger is not an employee or agent of the carrier and the carrier in good faith believes that the passenger is medically qualified. 
Declares that an individual shall not be liable for damages in any such action arising out of acts or omissions in providing or attempting to provide such assistance, except for gross negligence or willful misconduct.
Canine Detection Team Augmentation and Certification Act of 2006 - Directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to: (1) increase the number of trained canine detection teams of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) at specified federal agencies; and (2) notify specified congressional committees if any such agency is unable to achieve the increase required.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) fully coordinate the Department's canine training programs that support its counter-terrorism, counter-smuggling, transportation security, border security, and other missions; (2) ensure that the Department is maximizing its use of existing training facilities and resources to train canines throughout the year; and (3) coordinate the use of detection canines trained by other federal agencies, nonprofit organizations, universities, and private training facilities to increase the number of trained detection canines available to law enforcement agencies.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) make it a priority to increase the number of domestically bred canines used by the Department to assist its counter-terrorism mission; (2) increase the utilization of domestically bred canines from universities and private and nonprofit sources; and (3) consult with other federal, state, and local agencies, nonprofit organizations, universities, and private entities that use detection canines, as well as the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), to encourage domestic breeding of canines and to consolidate canine procurement across the federal government.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) establish a competitive grant program for domestic breeders of canines; and (2) establish a Homeland Security Canine Detection Accreditation Board.
Smarter Approach to Nuclear Expenditures Act This bill prohibits the obligation or expenditure of Department of Defense (DOD) funds: (1) for procuring more than eight Columbia-class submarines; (2) to maintain more than 150 deployed intercontinental ballistic missiles; or (3) through FY2024, for the research, development, test, and evaluation (RDT&amp;E) or the procurement of the B-21 long-range penetrating bomber aircraft. The bill prohibits the obligation or expenditure of DOD or Department of Energy (DOE) funds:   to maintain more than 1,000 deployed strategic warheads, as counted under the New START Treaty;   to make the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft capable of carrying nuclear weapons;  for extending the life of tactical versions of the B61 gravity bomb;  for the RDT&amp;E or procurement of a new air-launched cruise missile or for the W80 warhead life extension program;  for the RDT&amp;E or procurement of the ground-based strategic deterrent or any new intercontinental ballistic missile;  for the IW-1 life extension program;  for the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility project at the Savannah River Site, Aiken, South Carolina; or  for the Uranium Processing Facility located at the Y-12 National Security Complex, Oak Ridge, Tennessee.  DOD and DOE must report to Congress on the plans for, and the estimated cost savings from, carrying out this bill.
Dam Rehabilitation and Repair Act of 2004 - Amends the National Dam Safety Program Act to require the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to establish a program to provide grant assistance to States for use in rehabilitating publicly-owned dams that fail to meet minimum safety standards and pose an unacceptable risk to the public (deficient dams).

Sets forth provisions regarding procedures for grant awards and fund allocation. Requires the Director to develop a risk-based priority system for identifying deficient dams for which such grants may be made. Limits the Federal share of rehabilitation costs to 65 percent.
Missing Mercury in Manufacturing Monitoring and Mitigation Act - Declares that the United States should develop policies and programs that will reduce: (1) mercury use and emissions; (2) mercury releases from the reservoir of mercury currently in use or circulation; and (3) exposures to mercury, particularly exposures of women of childbearing age and young children.

Amends the Toxic Substances Control Act to prohibit the manufacture of chlorine or caustic soda using mercury cells, effective January 1, 2012. Requires the owner or operator of each chlor-alkali facility to submit to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator and the state in which the facility is located an annual report for 2008-2012 concerning mercury waste, emissions, and content in products.

Requires EPA to conduct a comprehensive mercury inventory covering the life and closure of chlor-alkali facilities that cease operations on or after July 1, 2008.

Establishes the Mercury Storage Advisory Committee, which shall report to Congress on: (1) requirements necessary to prevent the release of, or worker exposure to, elemental mercury; and (2) annual costs of, federal facilities needed for, barriers to, and an optimal plan for, mercury storage.

Requires: (1) EPA to establish regulations to facilitate the transfer and storage of mercury located at closed facilities; and (2) beginning on July 1, 2008, the transfer of elemental mercury located at a closed facility that has ceased operations to a storage facility established by EPA in accordance with such regulations.

Requires EPA, in coordination with the Administrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry Administrator, by July 1, 2009, to conduct a health assessment of employees at chlor-alkali facilities that continue to operate as of July 1, 2008.
Silicone Breast Implant Research and Information Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to: (1) appoint an official of the Department of Health and Human Services to serve as the NIH coordinator regarding silicone breast implant research; (2) establish either a study section or special emphasis panel for NIH to review extramural silicone breast implant research grant applications to ensure research design and quality, as well as quality intramural research; and (3) conduct or support research to expand the understanding of the health implications of silicone breast implants. 
Directs the Commissioner of Food and Drugs to: (1) take specified steps to make updated information about the risks of silicone breast implant available to the public, via the toll-free Consumer Information Line and other means; (2) revise the breast implant information update to clarify the procedure for reporting implant problems; (3) require manufacturers to update implant package inserts and informed consent documents regularly with accurate information; and (4) require any manufacturer conducting an adjunct study on implants to take specified measures with respect to informed consent documents, including informing women on how to obtain a Medwatch form and encouraging women who withdraw from the study, or who would like to report a problem, to submit such a form.
Long Term Care Quality and Consumer Information Improvement Act of 2005 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish between ten and 15 additional quality measures applicable to skilled nursing facilities, including a risk adjustment methodology reflecting differences in care, not differences in resident population characteristics.
Energy Efficient Government Technology Act  (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to require each federal agency to coordinate with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), the Department of Energy (DOE), and the Environmental Protection Agency to develop an implementation strategy for the maintenance, purchase, and use by the agency of energy-efficient and energy-saving information technologies. The OMB must establish performance goals for evaluating the efforts of agencies in improving the maintenance, purchase, and use of the technology. The executive branch's Chief Information Officers Council must recommend best practices for attaining the performance goals, including consideration of the use of energy savings performance and utility energy services contracting. Agencies must include in their annual government efficiency status reports a description of those energy-saving efforts and their results, and the OMB must begin to include in its annual government efficiency report a description of agencies' efforts and results. (Sec. 3) DOE must make available to the public an update to the Report to Congress on Server and Data Center Energy Efficiency published on August 2, 2007, that includes analyses of the impact of newer information technologies and computing methods and water usage by data centers.  In collaboration with key stakeholders and the OMB, DOE must also: (1) maintain a data center energy practitioner program that leads to the certification of energy practitioners qualified to evaluate the energy usage and efficiency opportunities in federal data centers; and (2) establish an open data initiative to make information about federal data center energy usage available and accessible while encouraging data center innovation, optimization, and consolidation. In collaboration with key stakeholders, DOE must: (1) participate in efforts to harmonize global specifications and metrics for data center energy and water efficiency, and (2) facilitate the development of a metric for data center energy efficiency.
Social Security and Medicare Improved Burn Injury Treatment Access Act of 2009 - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) of the Social Security Act to direct the Commissioner of Social Security to waive the application of the five-month Social Security disability waiting period in cases of individuals with disabling burn injuries.

Eliminates the 24-month Medicare disability waiting period in cases of individuals with disabling burn injuries, except those with specified health care insurance coverage. Requires that, in determining when the entitlement or status of an individual with a disabling burn injury terminates, the status of the disability be reviewed at least once every three years.
Girl Scouts USA Centennial Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue up to 350,000 $1 coins in commemoration of the centennial of the founding of the Girl Scouts of the USA.

Requires the coin design to be emblematic of the centennial of the Girl Scouts of the United States of America.

Restricts issuance of such coins to calendar year 2013.

Subjects coin sales to a surcharge of $10 per coin.

Requires payment of such surcharges to the Girl Scouts of the United States of America for Girl Scout program development and delivery. Provides for examination by the Comptroller General of books, records, documents, and other data of the Girl Scouts as may be related to the expenditures of the amounts paid.

Prohibits any surcharge if the coin's issuance would cause the number of commemorative coin programs issued during the year to exceed the annual two commemorative coin program issuance limitation.

Permits continuation of the issuance of numismatic items that contain one-cent coins minted in 2009 until June 30, 2010.

Amends the Jamestown 400th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act of 2004 to remove reference to the Secretary of the Interior as being a one of the recipients of the distribution of the surcharges received from the sale of coins issued in commemoration of the 400th anniversary of the Jamestown settlement in Virginia and specifies the distribution among the remaining two recipients.
Tax Lien Simplification Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to revise procedures for the filing of federal tax liens.

Direct the Secretary of the Treasury to establish and maintain a federal tax lien registry, in lieu of filing tax liens in local jurisdictions, which would be accessible to and searchable by the public through the Internet at no cost.

 Establishes the priority of a federal tax lien based upon the date and time of the filing of a notice of lien in the federal tax lien registry.

 Reduces the period for releasing satisfied or unenforceable tax liens from 30 to 10 days.
SEC Regulatory Accountability Act (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to:  before issuing a regulation under the securities laws, identify the nature and source of the problem that the proposed regulation is designed to address;  adopt a regulation&nbsp;only upon a reasoned determination that its benefits justify its costs;  identify and assess available alternatives to any regulation; and  ensure that any regulation is accessible, consistent, written in plain language, and easy to understand.  In determining the costs and benefits of a proposed regulation, the SEC shall consider its impact on investor choice, market liquidity, and small businesses.  In addition, the SEC shall: (1) periodically review its existing regulations to determine if they are outmoded, ineffective, insufficient, or excessively burdensome; and (2) in accordance with such review, modify, streamline, expand, or repeal them. Whenever it adopts or amends a rule that is&nbsp;"major" (in terms of economic impact), the SEC shall state in its adopting release: (1)&nbsp;the regulation's purposes and intended consequences, (2)&nbsp;metrics for measuring the regulation's economic impact, (3) the assessment plan to be used to assess whether the regulation has achieved its stated&nbsp;purposes, and (4) any foreseeable unintended or negative consequences of the regulation.
Comprehensive Fetal Alcohol Syndrome Prevention Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to establish a comprehensive Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects prevention program, including an education and public awareness program, an applied epidemiologic research and prevention program, support for and the conducting of basic research, a procedure for disseminating diagnostic criteria, and an Inter-Agency Task Force on Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and Fetal Alcohol Effects. 
Provides for related technical assistance, grants, cooperative agreements, contracts, and professional education. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Haitian Protection Act of 2007 - Requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to designate Haiti as a country whose qualifying nationals may be eligible for temporary protected status.

Provides for: (1) an initial 18-month designation period; and (2) authorization for temporary travel abroad.
Jumpstart VA Construction Act - Requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a 10-year pilot program of entering into partnership agreements on a competitive basis with appropriate non-federal entities for major authorized construction projects. Directs the Secretary to select 10 major medical facility projects authorized for the construction of a new facility for which: (1) Congress has appropriated funds, (2) the design and development phase is complete, and (3) construction has not begun as of the date of enactment of this Act. Requires four of such projects to be seismic-related projects and four to be community based outpatient clinic-related projects.  Directs the Secretary to: (1) appoint a non-Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) entity as the project manager of each project; (2) ensure that the project manager implements a project management plan to ensure concise and consistent communication of all parties involved; (3) work in cooperation with each participating non-federal entity to minimize multiple change orders; (4) develop metrics to monitor change order process times, with the intent of expediting any change order; and (5) monitor construction to ensure that it is in compliance with the Federal Acquisition Regulations and VA acquisition regulations and that the costs are reasonable.
Investment in After-School Programs Act of 2008 - Amends the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to award grants to local educational agencies, community-based organizations, or other entities to improve, expand, or establish rural after-school programs that provide students with a broad array of activities when school is not in session that improve their academic performance and promote their positive development.

Requires eligible programs to be implemented in active collaboration with the schools the students attend and take place in safe and easily accessible facilities.

Gives grant priority to partnerships between two or more entities eligible for such grants.
Ensuring Patient Access to Healthcare Records Act of 2016 This bill amends the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act to allow a health care clearinghouse to use and disclose protected health information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).The uses and disclosures include for:(1)research purposes, (2)public health purposes, and (3)releasing protected health information to individuals that request their information. Additionally, a clearinghouse may use and disclose protected health information to prepare and distribute reports that are designed to improve healthcare, subject to certain privacy protections.
Amends the Federal Law Enforcement Pay Reform Act of 1990 to revise the special pay adjustments for federal law enforcement officers in specified consolidated metropolitan statistical areas. Includes Capitol Police as law enforcement officers under such Act.

Eliminates the limitation on premium pay for federal criminal investigators.
Ombudsman Reauthorization Act of 2005 - Amends the Solid Waste Disposal Act to reestablish the Office of the Ombudsman within the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).

Specifies the Ombudsman's duties and authorities. Requires the Ombudsman to appoint a Deputy Ombudsman for each EPA region.

Provides employee protections for persons complying with this Act.
Paycheck Fairness Act - Amends the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (FLSA) to revise remedies for and enforcement of prohibitions against sex discrimination in the payment of wages (such FLSA prohibitions are also known as the Equal Pay Act). 
(Sec. 3) Amends FLSA to provide for enhanced enforcement of equal pay requirements, adding a nonretaliation requirement.  Increases penalties for such violations.  Provides for the Secretary of Labor to seek additional compensatory or punitive damages in such cases. 
(Sec. 4) Requires the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) and the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs to train EEOC employees and affected individuals and entities on matters involving wage discrimination. 
(Sec. 5) Directs the Secretary to conduct studies and provide information to employers, labor organizations, and the general public concerning the means available to eliminate pay disparities between men and women, including convening a national summit and carrying out other specified activities. 
(Sec. 6) Directs the Secretary to: (1) develop guidelines for employer evaluations of job categories based on objective criteria, to be used voluntarily by employers to compare wages for different jobs to determine if pay scales adequately and fairly reflect each job's educational and skill requirements, independence, working conditions, and responsibility, in order to eliminate unfair pay disparities between occupations traditionally dominated by men or women; and (2) establish a program to recognize employers who use such guidelines to ensure that women are paid fairly in comparison to men without lowering men's wages.  Authorizes the Secretary to provide technical assistance for employers to carry out such evaluations. 
(Sec. 7) Establishes the Robert Reich National Award for Pay Equity in the Workplace, which shall be evidenced by a medal.  Sets forth criteria for specified types of entities to receive such an award. 
(Sec. 8) Expresses the sense of the Senate that the President should: (1) take appropriate steps to increase the amount of information available with respect to wage disparities; and (2) consider ways to collect such information that maximize its utility, protect individual privacy, and minimize reporting burdens. 
(Sec. 9) Authorizes appropriations.
Equity in Fertility Coverage Act of 2001 - Amends the Public Health Service Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and Federal law provisions concerning the Federal employees health benefits program to require health plans covering impotency medications such as Viagra to also cover fertility treatments.
Affordable Retirement Advice Protection Act  This bill amends the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) to modify requirements related to fiduciaries and the provision of investment advice for employer-sponsored retirement plans. It also prohibits the Department of Labor from implementing regulations changing the definition of &quot;fiduciary&quot; unless Congress affirmatively approves the rule.  (Under current law, a person who provides investment advice has a fiduciary obligation that requires the person to provide advice in the sole interest of plan participants and beneficiaries.) This bill amends the statutory definition of fiduciary by adding a definition of investment advice. It also adds a new statutory prohibited transaction exemption for transactions related to the provision of investment advice. (Sec. 2) The bill specifies that the purpose is to provide that advisors are subject to liability under ERISA if they: (1) provide advice that is impermissible under the prohibited transaction provisions, or (2) breach the best interest standard for the provision of investment advice.  (Sec. 3) The bill defines &quot;investment advice,&quot; as it relates to fiduciary duties under ERISA, as a recommendation that relates to:    the advisability of acquiring, holding, disposing, or exchanging any moneys or other property of a plan by the plan, plan participants, or plan beneficiaries, including any recommendation on whether to take a distribution of benefits from the plan or any recommendation relating to the investment of any moneys or other property of the plan to be distributed from the plan;   the management of moneys or other property of the plan, including recommendations relating to the management of moneys or other property to be distributed from the plan; or   the advisability of retaining or ceasing to retain a person who would receive a fee or other compensation for providing any of these types of advice.   For a recommendation to be considered investment advice, it must be rendered pursuant to either:    a written acknowledgment of the obligation of the investment advisor to act in accordance with fiduciary standards under ERISA; or  a mutual agreement, arrangement, or understanding (which may include limitations on the scope, timing, and responsibility to provide ongoing monitoring or advice services) between the person making the recommendation and the plan that the recommendation is individualized to the plan and the plan intends to materially rely on the recommendation in making investment or management decisions with respect to any moneys or other property of the plan.   Any disclaimer of a mutual agreement, arrangement, or understanding with respect to a recommendation must be limited to specified language indicating that the information is not individualized or intended to be materially relied on in making investment or management decisions for the plan.  The bill specifies circumstances under which information that is provided with certain disclosures, by certain individuals, or that is limited to certain non-individualized content is not treated as a recommendation made pursuant to a mutual agreement, arrangement, or understanding for purposes of the definition of investment advice and must include a disclaimer.  The bill establishes an exemption from ERISA prohibited transactions rules for certain transactions related to the provision of investment advice if the following conditions are met:   no more than reasonable compensation is paid for the advice;   if the advice is based on a limited range of investment options, which may consist of proprietary products, the limitations are clearly disclosed to the recipient prior to any transaction based on the advice using a notice that also indicates that the same or similar investments may be available at a different cost from other sources; and   if the advice may result in variable compensation to the investment advisor, the receipt of the compensation is clearly disclosed to the advice recipient prior to any transaction based on the advice.  A recommendation will not fail to qualify for the exemption solely because the person, acting in good faith and with reasonable diligence, makes an error or omission in disclosing the required information if the disclosure occurs as soon as practicable, but not later than 30 days after the person knows of the error or omission.  The Department of Labor may not amend any rules or administrative positions promulgated under, or applicable for purposes of, the ERISA statutory definition of fiduciary. No rule or administrative position promulgated by DOL on the subject before the date of enactment of the bill but not effective on January 1, 2015, may become effective unless legislation specifically approving the rules or administrative positions is enacted no later than 60 days after the enactment of this bill. The bill sets forth effective dates and transition rules. 
Net Price Calculator Improvement Act This bill amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to establish the minimum requirements for the net price calculator that an institution of higher education (IHE) receiving federal funds under title IV (Student Assistance) of the Act must include on its website. (An IHE's net price is the average yearly price actually charged to first-time, full-time undergraduate students receiving student aid at the school after deducting such aid.)    It authorizes the Department of Education to develop a universal net price calculator that enables users to answer one set of questions and receive net prices for any IHE that is required to have a net price calculator.
Melanie Blocker-Stokes Postpartum Depression Research and Care Act - Title I: Research on Postpartum Depression and Psychosis - (Sec. 101) Encourages the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), to continue aggressive work on postpartum depression and other postpartum psychosis. Encourages the Director of NIMH to continue research to expand the understanding of the causes of, and find a cure for, postpartum conditions, including: (1) basic research concerning the etiology and causes of the conditions; (2) epidemiological studies to address the frequency and natural history of the conditions and differences among racial and ethnic groups; (3) the development of improved screening and diagnostic techniques; (4) clinical research for the development and evaluation of new treatments; and (5) information and education programs for health care professionals and the public.

(Sec. 102) Encourages the Director of NIH and the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) to carry out a national campaign to increase the awareness and knowledge of postpartum depression and postpartum psychosis.

(Sec. 103) Requires the Director of NIH to include in the biennial report to Congress a summary of NIH research activities on depression.

(Sec. 104) Expresses the sense of Congress that the Director of NIMH may conduct a longitudinal study of the relative mental health consequences for women of resolving a pregnancy in various ways. Requires the Director of NIMH to report to Congress on the findings of the study.

Title II: Delivery of Services Regarding Postpartum Depression and Psychosis - (Sec. 201) Urges the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to public or nonprofit private entities for projects to establish, operate, and coordinate effective and cost-efficient systems for the delivery of essential services to individuals with postpartum depression or postpartum psychosis and their families. Requires the Secretary to ensure that such projects provide services for the diagnosis and management of postpartum conditions. Provides that the Secretary may authorize projects that include: (1) delivering or enhancing outpatient and home-based health and support services; (2) delivering or enhancing inpatient care management services that ensure the well-being of the mother and family and the future development of the infant; and (3) improving the quality, availability, and organization of health care and support services for individuals with postpartum conditions and support services for their families. Urges the Secretary to integrate programs under this Act with other grants programs.

(Sec. 202) Sets forth grant requirements, including that the applicant agrees: (1) to abide by any limitations deemed appropriate by the Secretary on any charges to individuals receiving services pursuant to the grant; (2) that the grant will not be expended for services paid for under another program or by an entity that provides health services on a prepaid basis; and (3) to post a conspicuous notice of any federal policies that apply with respect to the imposition of charges.

(Sec. 203) Authorizes the Secretary to provide technical assistance to assist entities in complying with the requirements of this title in order to make such entities eligible for grants.

Title III: General Provisions - (Sec. 301) Authorizes appropriations for FY2008-FY2010.
Ojito Wilderness Act - (Sec. 3) Designates certain public land known as the Ojito Wilderness in New Mexico (wilderness area) as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System.

Requires that the wilderness area be managed by the Secretary of the Interior in accordance with the Wilderness Act. Provides for the addition of specified land in New Mexico and any land within the boundaries of the wilderness area to the wilderness area if such land is acquired by the Federal Government.

Permits grazing of livestock in the wilderness area where grazing rights were established before the enactment of this Act. Prohibits anything in this Act from: (1) affecting the jurisdiction or responsibilities of New Mexico with respect to fish and wildlife in the State; (2) constituting a reservation by the United States of any water or water rights with respect to the land designated as wilderness by this Act; (3) affecting any water rights in the State existing on the date of enactment of this Act, including any water rights held by the United States; (4) establishing a precedent with regard to any future wilderness designations; or (5) affecting the interpretation of, or any designation made pursuant to, any other Act.

Declares that the Secretary shall follow the procedural and substantive requirements of the laws of the State in order to obtain and hold any water rights not in existence on enactment of this Act respecting the wilderness area.

Prohibits the President, or any other U.S. officer, employee, or agent from funding, assisting, authorizing, or issuing a license or permit for the development of any new water resource facility (as defined by this Act) within the wilderness area.

Directs the Secretary to seek an exchange for State land within the boundaries of the wilderness area within three years after enactment.

(Sec. 4) Requires the Secretary to hold in trust certain public lands for the Pueblo of Zia (Pueblo) and include such lands as part of the Pueblo's Reservation. Requires the Pueblo to pay the Secretary the fair market value (determined by an appraisal) of such public lands placed in trust. Authorizes the Secretary to use funds paid by the Pueblo to acquire non-Federal lands in New Mexico.

Preserves public access to Pueblo trust lands for recreational, scenic, scientific, educational, paleontological, and conservation uses.

Authorizes a civil action in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Mexico to enforce right of public access.

Preserves existing rights-of-way in the trust lands. Requires the Pueblo to grant any reasonable request for rights-of-way for utilities and pipelines in such lands.
Saving Women's Lives Act of 2002 - Authorizes appropriations for FY 2002 and 2003 for U.S. voluntary contributions to the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA). Prohibits the availability of such funds for an UNFPA country program in China. Conditions the availability of funds to UNFPA upon its maintenance of them in a separate, non-commingled account, and on its not funding abortions as a method of family planning.
Directs the Secretary of Agriculture (USDA) to convey and quitclaim all interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements, located at 4500 Glenwood Drive in Riverside, California, and administered by the Natural Resources Conservation Service, to the Riverside Corona Conservation District.

Requires the Conservation District to pay to the Secretary the appraised market value of the land as unimproved land, excluding all improvements other than normal utility connections such as sewer and water taps.

Prohibits reservation by the Secretary of any future interest in the property to be conveyed, except that which may be acceptable to the Conservation District.

Requires the Secretary, notwithstanding the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) or the Solid Waste Disposal Act, in conveying the property, to only meet the disclosure requirements for hazardous substances, pollutants, or contaminants, without otherwise being required to remediate or abate any such releases, including petroleum and petroleum derivatives.
Securing America From Terrorist Entries Act or the SAFTE Act - Establishes a temporary moratorium on the issuance of immigrant or (non-diplomatic) nonimmigrant visas to aliens who are, or were within 15 years of applying for U.S. admission, citizens or nationals of: (1) Afghanistan; (2) Algeria; (3) Egypt; (4) Lebanon; (5) Saudi Arabia; (6) Somalia; (7) United Arab Emirates; (8) Yemen; or (9) any country designated as a state sponsor of terrorism. Authorizes the Attorney General to grant exceptions.Applies such provisions to aliens with multiple citizenship. Makes the visa waiver program inapplicable to such aliens.Directs the Under Secretary of Transportation to require air carriers in foreign transportation to the United States to provide electronic passenger and crew manifests with specified information prior to U.S. arrival.Requires country of origin inquiry at the point of U.S. arrival.Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate deadline waiver authority relating to implementation of machine readable passports.Directs the General Accounting Office to report every six months respecting border and visa security and related matters.
Veterans Health Care Full Funding Act - Requires: (1) that in the President's budget for each fiscal year, amounts shall be requested for veterans health care programs for each two-year period; and (2) the Veterans Health Care Funding Review Board (established in this Act) to determine the level of funding needed for each period. Outlines the health care needs required to be included under the Board's determination. Establishes the Board.

Provides standards for access to Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) care for veterans seeking: (1) primary care; and: (2) specialized care.
Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 with respect to certain annual presidential certifications to Congress required to allow a major drug-transit country or major illicit drug producing country to expend withheld bilateral assistance and multilateral development assistance, provided certain conditions are met. Waives application of certification requirements to such a country if the President determines that: (1) it is a party to a bilateral agreement and other illicit drug control plans with the United States; and (2) progress is being made in accordance with the agreement and plans with respect to the control of illicit drugs.
Guam World War II Loyalty Recognition Act - (Sec. 2) Recognizes the great suffering and steadfast loyalty and courage of the people of Guam during the Japanese occupation of Guam in World War II.

(Sec. 3) Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to make the following payments for Guam World War II claims: (1) spouses, children or parents of compensable Guam decedents would be eligible for $25,000; (2) compensable Guam victims who were raped or suffered severe personal injury would be eligible for $15,000, and those who were subjected to forced labor or suffered personal injury would be eligible for $12,000; and (3) eligible heirs of compensable decedents or compensable victims would be eligible for $7,000.

Defines "compensable Guam decedent" and "compensable Guam victim."

Directs the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission to specify injuries that would constitute a severe personal injury or a personal injury.

(Sec. 4) Authorizes the Commission to adjudicate claims and determine payment eligibility.

Requires: (1) claims to be filed within one year after the Commission publishes public notice of the filing period in the Federal Register; and (2) the Commission to make filing period information available to the public through the media in Guam.

(Sec. 5) Directs the Secretary of the Interior to establish a grant program for research, educational, and media activities that memorialize the events surrounding the occupation of Guam during World War II, honor the loyalty of the people of Guam during such occupation, or both. Authorizes grant appropriations, which shall remain available until September 30, 2011.
Sets forth requirements for loan repayment and interest rate. Exempts a State entity or local government from such repayment and interest rate accrual prior to January 1, 2005, unless the amount appropriated to carry out assistance for education of all children with disabilities under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act for any fiscal year before FY 2009 is sufficient to fully fund such assistance for the fiscal year at the originally promised level, which promised level would provide to each State 40 percent of the average per-pupil expenditure for providing special education and related services for each child with a disability in the State.
Directs the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Education to: (1) ensure that funds provided under this Act are properly distributed, and are used to pay the interest on qualified school construction bonds; and (2) notify each State of the amount of funds it may borrow under this Act. Provides that the Secretaries shall not have authority to approve or disapprove school construction plans assisted pursuant to this Act, except to ensure that funds made available under this Act are used only to supplement, and not supplant, the amount of school construction, rehabilitation, and repair in the State that would have occurred in the absence of such funds.
Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to reduce the federal tax refund of any taxpayer who owes a past-due, legally enforceable tax obligation to a local government by the amount of such obligation. Requires notice to the taxpayer of the refund reduction.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to permit disclosure of taxpayer information to agencies of states requesting refund offsets for tax debts owed to local governments.
Directs the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection to: (1) liquidate or reliquidate certain entries of roller chains without assessment of antidumping duties or interest; and (2) refund any amounts owed.
Currency Harmonization Initiative through Neutralizing Action Act of 2005 - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to analyze annually the exchange rate policies of the People's Republic of China, and to impose additional tariffs, if necessary, to equalize any currency manipulations.
Electronic Freedom of Information Improvement Act of 1994 - Amends the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) to:  (1) direct agencies to publish by computer telecommunications, or other electronic means if such communications are not available, all information required to be published in the Federal Register; (2) include among such required information a list of all statutes authorizing the agency to withhold information under such Act; (3) require reasonable efforts by the agency to provide records in an electronic format even when such records are not usually maintained in such format; (4) credit to agencies which have been found to be responsive to FOIA requests a percentage of the fees collected from such requests to offset compliance costs, at an agency's request; (5) provide for Government payment of the requester's out-of-pocket expenses in any case in which the agency has failed to comply with the FOIA request within prescribed time limits; (6) require an agency which violates such time limits to demonstrate that delay was warranted; (7) preclude treatment of routine agency backlogs as unusual circumstances warranting extension of time limits; (8) require denial notifications to specify the total number of denied records and pages considered in responding to the FOIA request; (9) mandate an agency first-in, first-out (FIFO) processing policy to determine the order in which requests are processed, allowing separate processing tracks for simple and complex requests; (10) mandate agency regulations governing FOIA requests for expedited access; (11) require deletions to be indicated on the released portion of the record where they were made; and (12) define "record" to include electronic information and "search" to include an automated examination to locate records.
Grants right of first refusal to purchase the Bend Pine Nursery to the Bend Metro Parks and Recreation District in Deschutes County, Oregon.
Makes the proceeds from any such sale available to the Secretary without further appropriations Act for: (1) acquisition, construction, or improvement of administrative and visitor facilities and land in connection with the Deschutes National Forest; (2) construction of a bunkhouse facility in the Umatilla National Forest; and (3) acquisition of land in Oregon. Authorizes the Secretary to use such proceeds or other funds subsequently made available to acquire, construct, or improve such facilities.
Authorizes appropriations.
Jesse Gray Housing Act - Amends the United States Housing Act of 1937 to direct the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a program to construct new public housing units. 
Requires the Secretary to make financial assistance available for public housing projects, especially those likely to be disposed of or demolished. 
Prohibits the Secretary from approving a project demolition application. 
Requires public housing agencies to carry out job training and employment programs in connection with certain housing construction and revitalization projects. 
Reduces lower income rent contribution amounts under the National Housing Act, the United States Housing Act of 1937, the Housing Act of 1949, the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965, and the Housing and Urban-Rural Recovery Act of 1983. Excludes welfare or social security cost-of-living adjustments from such adjusted income determinations.
Arts, Humanities, and Museums Amendments of 1993 - Amends the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 to extend through FY 1995 the authorization of appropriations to carry out such Act, including funds for:  (1) program grants and other assistance by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH); (2) matching non-Federal funds received; and (3) administration of NEA and NEH programs.  Sets limitations on total appropriations authorized for the NEA and the NEH in FY 1994. Limits a State's current NEA allotment to not more than the preceding year's level if:   (1) the State's current year funding for the arts is less than the average annual amount expended by the State during the most recent preceding period of three fiscal years; and (2) the rate of reduction in its arts spending exceeds that for the aggregate of the State's general fund reductions for the current fiscal year. Amends the Museum Services Act to extend through FY 1995 the authorization of appropriations, including funds for:  (1) grants to museums to increase and improve services; and (2) functions of the Institute of Museum Services (which is within the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities).
Small Business Investment and Growth Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to establish, as specified, a maximum taxable S corporation tax.  Establishes a special rule for a qualified personal service corporation.  Requires each S corporation to establish a qualified retained earnings account.  Allows qualified distributions from such a qualified retained earnings account to the owners to enable the S corporation shareholder to pay income taxes.  Requires regulations to establish a presumption that distributions are to pay income taxes if such distributions do not exceed 34 percent of qualified taxable S corporation income.  Provides for an additional tax on nonqualified distributions.
Neighbors in Need Act - Amends the Temporary Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 2002 (TEUCA) to provide a program extension for States experiencing high unemployment.

Amends the Social Security Act to require: (1) increases and decreases in the earnings credited to State accounts when States meet or fail to meet funding goals; and (2) restriction of interest-free advances to State accounts in the Unemployment Trust Fund to States which meet funding goals.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) suspend the tax on individual unemployment compensation for 2004 and 2005; (2) allow certified States to elect to collect Federal unemployment taxes under the Federal Unemployment Tax Act (FUTA); and (3) require States to distribute to unemployed individuals State-specific information packets explaining unemployment insurance eligibility conditions.
Native American Indian Education Act - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of Education to pay institutions of higher education the out-of-state tuition of their Indian students if the schools are required to provide a tuition-free education, with the support of their state, to Native American Indian students in fulfillment of a condition under which the college or state received its original grant of land and facilities from the federal government. Limits that payment each fiscal year to the institution's total out-of-state tuition for Native American Indian students in academic year 2012-2013. Treats such payments as reimbursements to such institutions from their states. Rescinds unobligated discretionary appropriations to offset the costs of this program.
Amends the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to recognize Alexander Creek in Seward Meridian, Alaska, as a Native village.

Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to establish the Alexander Creek account in the Treasury to be available to Alexander Creek Incorporated (an Alaska Native Group corporation) for bidding on and purchasing property sold at public sale, subject to this Act.

Requires the: (1) Secretary of the Interior to enter into negotiations to attempt to conclude a land exchange to acquire the surface estate in lands not within any conservation system unit from the State of Alaska or the Matanuska-Susitna Borough to enable Alexander Creek to select additional public lands within its original withdrawal area; and (2) conveyance, without consideration, of the subsurface estate to such conveyed lands to the Cook Inlet Region Incorporated (the Regional Corporation for Alexander Creek).

Provides that: (1) upon certification by the Secretary of the appraisal of lands selected for purchase, the Alexander Creek Incorporated shall be deemed to have accepted the terms of this Act in lieu of any other land entitlement it could have received pursuant to this Act; and (2) the acceptance shall satisfy all claims such Corporation had or may have had against the United States on the enactment of this Act.
Requires an agency promulgating such a rule to submit to each House of Congress a report containing the text of the part of the rule that establishes or increases a tax, and an explanation of the rule.
Outlines procedures for House and Senate consideration of the bill authorizing the rule to take effect.
Veterans' Insurance Reform Act of 1995 - Redesignates the Servicemen's Group Life Insurance program as the Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance (SGLI) program. 
Merges the Retired Reservists' Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance program into the Veterans' Group Life Insurance (VGLI) program. Extends the VGLI program to members of the Ready Reserve who retire with less than 20 years of service. 
Authorizes an insured under:  (1) the VGLI program to convert such policy to an individual policy of life insurance with a commercial insurance company at any time; and (2) the SGLI program to convert to such an individual policy upon separation from service.
Unemployment Compensation Extension Act - Amends the Temporary Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 2002 (TEUCA) to extend the TEUC program through weeks of unemployment ending before July 1, 2004. Terminates individual payments for weeks beginning after December 31, 2004.

Increases to 26 weeks an eligible individual's TEUC payments. Provides for an additional seven weeks of payments, for a total of 33 weeks, for individuals in high-unemployment States (TEUC-X). (Current law provides 13 weeks of regular TEUC payments, with an additional 13 and total 26 in TEUC-X States.)

Revises requirements for determining TEUC-X States, using certain triggers based on insured unemployment rates and on total unemployment rates.

Provides for temporary State authority to waive application of certain look-back provisions under the Federal-State Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970.

Amends the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act to provide a temporary increase in extended unemployment benefits.
Keep Our Promise to America's Children and Teachers Act or the Keep Our PACT Act - Appropriates for each of FY2015-FY2024 an amount that equals the difference between: (1) the amount appropriated for FY2015 for school improvement programs under part A of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and (2) a specified amount for the applicable fiscal year or the full amount authorized to be appropriated for such fiscal year for such programs, whichever is higher. Amends the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) to reauthorize and make appropriations for the grant program to assist states and outlying areas in providing special education and related services to children with disabilities. Sets the amount to be authorized and the amount to be appropriated for each fiscal year from FY2015-FY2023 as the greater of: (1) a specified amount, or (2) a specified percentage of an amount determined pursuant to a formula that multiplies the number of children receiving special education services by the average per-pupil expenditure in public elementary and secondary schools. Authorizes and appropriates funds for FY2024 and each subsequent fiscal year equal to the greater of a specified amount or 40% of the amount determined using such formula.  Requires the amounts appropriated by this Act and its amendments to be expended consistent with pay-as-you-go requirements.
Commodity Speculation Reform Act of 2009 - Amends the Commodity Exchange Act to prohibit the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) from issuing a no action letter to any foreign board of trade that lists a contract whose price settles on the price of a contract traded on a CFTC-regulated exchange, unless the foreign board provides the CFTC with information and data accessibility comparable to those provided the CFTC by entities under its jurisdiction.

Directs the CFTC to promulgate regulations to establish and enforce speculative position limits for qualifying commodities, a methodology for aggregating specified positions, and information reporting rules to facilitate monitoring and enforcement of speculative position limits and over-the-counter commodity derivatives.

Prohibits a person from holding or controlling a position, separately or in combination, net long or net short, for the purchase or sale of a commodity for future delivery or, on a futures-equivalent basis, any option, or an over-the-counter commodity derivative that exceeds CFTC speculative position limits.
Boutique Fuels Reduction Act of 2005 - Amends the Clean Air Act (CAA) to authorize the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to temporarily waive controls or prohibitions on the use of a fuel or fuel additive regulated under specified provisions of that Act or prescribed in an applicable State Implementation Plan (SIP) if the Administrator determines that: (1) extreme and unusual circumstances exist in a State or region that prevent distribution of an adequate supply of the fuel or fuel additive to consumers; (2) such circumstances are the result of a natural disaster, an Act of God, a pipeline or refinery equipment failure, or another unforeseeable event; and (3) it is in the public interest to grant the waiver. Permits such a waiver only if specified requirements are met.

States that the Administrator shall have no authority, when considering a SIP or SIP revision regarding State controls or prohibitions on motor vehicle fuel or fuel additives, to approve any fuel: (1) if doing so would increase the total number of approved and fully implemented fuels as of September 1, 2004, in all SIPs; and (2) unless that fuel was approved and fully implemented in at least one SIP in the applicable Petroleum Administration for Defense District (with the exception of fuels with a specified summertime Reid Vapor Pressure).

Requires the Administrator and the Secretary of Energy jointly to study and report to Congress on the effects of SIPs adopted pursuant to CAA provisions regarding State controls or prohibitions on motor vehicle fuel or fuel additives.
Financial Oversight Commission Act of 2009 - Establishes the Financial Oversight Commission to investigate the financial crisis of 2008, including relevant legislation, Executive Order, regulation, plan, policy, practice, or procedure that pertains to: (1) government sponsored enterprises; (2) the stock market; (3) the housing market; (4) credit rating agencies; (5) the financial services sector, including hedge funds, private equity and the insurance industry; and (6) the role of congressional oversight and resource allocation.

Directs the Commission to identify, review, and evaluate the lessons learned from the crisis in connection with the structure, coordination, management policies, and procedures of governmental and nongovernmental entities regarding crisis detection, prevention, and response.

Requires the Commission to report to the President and Congress its findings, conclusions, and recommendations.
Federal Facility Superfund Compliance Act of 1997 - Amends the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) to subject each department, agency, and instrumentality of the Federal Government to all Federal, State, interstate, and local requirements and other laws relating to response or restoration actions or management of hazardous waste, pollutants, or contaminants (current law refers only to compliance with CERCLA provisions) in the same manner and to the same extent as a nongovernmental entity.  Waives any U.S. immunity otherwise applicable with respect to any such requirement. 
Absolves Federal employees of personal liability for civil penalties under Federal or State law relating to response actions or management of hazardous substances for acts or omissions within the scope of official duties.  Makes Federal employees subject to criminal sanctions under such laws, but exempts Federal agencies from such sanctions. 
Authorizes the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to issue an abatement order to a Federal entity and requires initiation of an administrative enforcement action in the same manner and under the same circumstances as action would be initiated against any other person. 
Removes provisions for application (and preemption) of State laws concerning removal and remedial action at Federal facilities not on the National Priorities List. 
Precludes interagency remedial action agreements from impairing or diminishing State, local, individual, or court authority to enforce requirements of State or Federal law, unless such requirements have been addressed or waived without objection after notice to the State.
Directs the Secretary of the Army to establish a pilot program to provide environmental assistance to non-Federal interests in the Chesapeake Bay watershed.  Requires such assistance to be in the form of design and construction assistance for water-related environmental infrastructure and resource protection and development projects affecting the Bay's estuary. Permits assistance for a project only if it is publicly owned and will be publicly operated and maintained.  Sets forth requirements for local cooperation agreements with non-Federal interests. 
Sets the Federal share at 75 percent of total project costs. Requires the non-Federal share of operation and maintenance  costs to be 100 percent. 
Directs the Secretary to establish at least one project in each of the States of Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Virginia. 
Authorizes appropriations.
National Slave Memorial Act - Authorizes the National Foundation for African American Heritage to establish, in the District of Columbia, a memorial to slavery to: (1) acknowledge the fundamental injustice, cruelty, brutality, and inhumanity of slavery in the United States and the 13 American colonies; and (2) honor the nameless and forgotten men, women, and children who have gone unrecognized for their undeniable and weighty U.S. contribution.Expresses the sense of Congress that the memorial should be situated in a specified area near the Lincoln Memorial. Requires the Secretary of the Interior and the National Capital Memorial Commission to determine a location for the memorial.
Border Health Security Act of 2006 - Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services (the Secretary), acting through the U.S. members of the United States-Mexico Border Health Commission, to award grants to improve border residents' health.

Requires the Secretary to award grants to states, local or tribal governments, or public health entities for bioterrorism preparedness in the border area.

Authorizes appropriations to carry out the United States-Mexico Border Health Commission Act.

Allows the Secretary to coordinate with the Secretary of Homeland Security in establishing a health alert system that: (1) alerts clinicians and public health officials of emerging disease clusters and syndromes along the border area; and (2) is alerted to signs of health threats or bioterrorism along the border area.

Requires the Secretary to enter into a contract with the Institute of Medicine for the study of binational public health infrastructure and health insurance efforts.

Authorizes any member or staff of the Commission to provide advice or recommendations to Congress concerning issues that are considered by the Commission.
Everyone Deserves Unconditional Access to Education (EDUCATE) Act - Amends the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) to reauthorize part B programs of education of all children with disabilities.

Authorizes appropriations in specified amounts for part B for FY2008-FY2016 and thereafter, according to a certain formula. (Provides phased-in increases of such authorized funding designed to reach a promised 40% federal share by FY2015.) Makes appropriations in specified amounts (which are less than the amounts this Act authorizes to be appropriated) for part B for FY2008-FY2016 and thereafter. Requires such amounts to be expended consistent with pay-as-you-go requirements.
American Shipping Reinvestment Act of 2008 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) repeal shipping investment withdrawal tax rules; and (2) allow U.S. corporate shareholders a tax deduction for dividends attributable to foreign base company shipping income received from a controlled foreign corporation.
Residential Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Prevention Act - Amends the Consumer Product Safety Act to require the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) to publish the American National Standard for Single and Multiple Station Carbon Monoxide Alarms (American National Standard ANSI/UL 2034-2005) as a mandatory consumer product safety standard. Makes it unlawful for any manufacturer or distributor to import into or distribute any new assembled or unassembled residential carbon monoxide detector unless it complies with the standard.

 Requires the CPSC to promulgate consumer product safety rules requiring, at a minimum, that every portable generator sold to the public for purposes other than resale shall be equipped with an interlock safety device that: (1) detects the level of carbon monoxide in the areas surrounding such portable generator; and (2) automatically turns off the portable generator before the level of carbon monoxide reaches a level that would cause serious bodily injury or death to people.

Requires the CPSC to establish a grant program to provide assistance to states to carry out a carbon monoxide alarm program.
Thorium Energy Independence and Security Act of 2008 - Amends the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish, and provide funds to, an office for the regulation of thorium fuel cycle nuclear power generation in each of: (1) the Office of Nuclear Energy, Science and Technology (ONEST) of the Department of Energy; and (2) the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC).

Directs the NRC Chairman to promulgate regulations for facilities and materials used in thorium fuel cycle nuclear power generation.

Requires the heads of the two Offices to: (1) implement demonstration projects for thorium fuel cycle nuclear power generation at the Idaho National Engineering Laboratory; and (2) recommend to the Secretary methods of strengthening international partnerships to advance nuclear nonproliferation through thorium fuel cycle nuclear power generation, and of providing incentives to nuclear reactor operators to use proliferation-resistant, low-waste thorium fuels in lieu of other fuels.
Major Regulation Cost Review Act of 2008 - Requires each federal agency to publish in the Federal Register a plan for the periodic review of its major rules. Requires review of all existing major rules within five years and of all new rules within five years after their publication as a final rule.

Directs an agency to consider: (1) the continued need for the rule; (2) the nature of public complaints or comments concerning the rule; (3) the complexity of the rule; (4) the extent to which the rule overlaps, duplicates, or conflicts with other federal, state, and local governmental rules; and (5) the length of time since the rule has been evaluated or the degree to which technology, economic conditions, or other factors have changed in the area affected by the rule. Requires the review to include a cost-benefit analysis of the rule, including an identification and consideration of a range of less costly regulatory alternatives.

Requires each agency, annually, to publish a list of the major rules which are to be reviewed and which are to be included in an accounting statement and associated report to be submitted to Congress by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB).
Provides that: (1) nothing herein may be construed to deprive a court-martial, military commission, provost court, or other military tribunal of concurrent jurisdiction with respect to offenders or offenses that by statute or by the law of war may be tried by such an entity; and (2) no prosecution may be commenced against a member of the armed forces unless such member ceases to be such a member, or unless an indictment or information charges the member committed the offense with one or more other defendants at least one of whom is not a member.
Provides for the arrest of such individuals outside the United States and their delivery to U.S. civilian law enforcement personnel.
Authorizes the release to a recognized foreign government of persons who engage in such conduct in that country.
Prohibits removal to a foreign country (with exceptions) unless: (1) a Federal magistrate judge orders the person to be removed to the United States to be present at a detention hearing, orders the detention of the person before trial (in which case the person shall be promptly removed to the United States for purposes of such detention), or otherwise orders the person to be removed to the United States; (2) the person is entitled to, and does not waive, a preliminary examination under the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, in which case the person shall be removed to the United States in time for such examination; and (3) the Secretary of Defense determines that military necessity requires that the limitations on removal be waived, in which case the person shall be removed to the nearest U.S. military installation outside the United States adequate to detain the person and facilitate his or her initial appearance.
Provides that, in the case of any person arrested for or charged with a violation of this Act who is not delivered to authorities of a foreign country, the initial appearance of that person: (1) shall be conducted by a Federal magistrate judge; and (2) may be carried out by telephony or such other means that enables voice communication among the participants, including any counsel representing the person.
Directs the Federal magistrate judge: (1) in conducting the initial appearance, to also determine whether there is probable cause to believe that an offense was committed and that the person committed it; and (2) if no motion is made seeking the person's detention before trial, to also determine at the initial appearance the conditions of the person's release before trial.
Specifies that any detention hearing of such person: (1) shall be conducted by a Federal magistrate judge; and (2) at that person's request, may be carried out by a means that enables voice communication among the participants, including any counsel representing the person.
Provides that if any initial proceeding with respect to such person is conducted while the person is outside the United States and the person is entitled to have counsel appointed for purposes of such proceeding, the Federal magistrate judge may appoint as such counsel for purposes of such hearing a qualified military counsel.
Directs the Secretary of Defense to: (1) prescribe regulations governing the apprehension, detention, delivery, and removal of persons, and the facilitation of proceedings, under this Act; and (2) issue regulations requiring that notice be provided to any person covered by this Act who is not a U.S. national that such person is potentially subject to the criminal jurisdiction of the United States. States that failure to provide such notice shall not defeat such jurisdiction.
Taylor Force Act  (Sec. 4) This bill prohibits certain FY2018-FY2023 economic support assistance that directly benefits the Palestinian Authority (PA) from being made available for the West Bank and Gaza unless the Department of State certifies that the PA, the Palestine Liberation Organization, and any successor or affiliated organizations:   are taking steps to end acts of violence against U.S. and Israeli citizens perpetrated by individuals under their jurisdictional control, such as the March 2016 attack that killed former Army officer Taylor Force;  have revoked any law, decree, or document authorizing or implementing a system of compensation for imprisoned individuals that uses the sentence or incarceration period to determine compensation;   have terminated payments for acts of terrorism against U.S. and Israeli citizens to any individual who has been fairly tried and imprisoned for such acts, to any individual who died committing such acts, and to family members of such an individual; and  are publicly condemning such acts of violence and are investigating such acts.   This assistance limitation shall not apply to: (1) the East Jerusalem Hospital Network, (2) wastewater projects, and (3) children's vaccination projects.  Withheld funds shall remain available for up to two years before being reallocated. (Sec. 5) The bill prescribes initial and annual reporting requirements.
Llagas Reclamation Groundwater Remediation Initiative - Establishes within the Treasury an interest bearing account to be known as the California Basins Groundwater Remediation Fund, which shall be administered by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Reclamation, in cooperation with the Santa Clara Valley Water District.

Requires that the Fund be used by the Secretary to provide grants to reimburse the District for the Federal share of the costs associated with designing and constructing groundwater remediation projects. Prohibits the Secretary from obligating any funds appropriated to the Fund in a fiscal year until the Secretary has deposited a matching amount provided by non-Federal interests of at least 35 percent for a project.

Makes each local water authority responsible for providing the non-Federal amount required for projects under that authority. Allows the State of California, local government agencies, and private entities to provide all or any portion of the non-Federal amount. Directs the Secretary to credit the appropriate authority with the value of all prior expenditures by non-Federal interests made after January 1, 2000, that are compatible with the purposes of this Act. Authorizes appropriations to the Fund.
Genetic Privacy and Nondiscrimination Act of 1997 - Establishes limitations regarding genetic information disclosure and use. 
Prohibits disclosure about an individual unless specifically authorized by the individual, or the individual's representative, through a written authorization that includes certain elements. 
Specifies the circumstances in which disclosure is allowed. 
(Sec. 5) Prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of genetic tests.  Provides for enforcement through the same powers, procedures, and remedies as are provided under specified provisions of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
(Sec. 6) Prohibits health insurance discrimination on the basis of genetic tests.  Requires, if an insurer requests that an insurance applicant (other than a health insurance applicant) take a genetic test, that:  (1) the use of the results of such test be disclosed to the applicant; and (2) the insurer obtain the applicant's specific written authorization for such disclosure.  Prohibits an insurer from using such a genetic test as an inducement for the purchase of insurance. 
(Sec. 7) Directs the National Bioethics Advisory Commission to report to congressional committees its recommendations on appropriate standards:  (1) to provide increased protection for the collection, storage, and use of identifiable DNA samples and genetic information obtained from those samples; and (2) for the acquisition and retention of genetic information in all settings, including appropriate exceptions.
Senior Financial Empowerment Act of 2010 - Requires the Federal Trade Commission (FTC): (1) to disseminate to seniors and their caregivers information on mail, telemarketing, and Internet fraud targeting seniors; (2) in response to a request about fraud committed by a particular entity or individual, to provide to the requester publicly available information on any record of civil or criminal law enforcement action against such individual or entity for fraud; and (3) to maintain a website as an information resource for seniors and their caregivers regarding Internet fraud. Authorizes FY2011-FY2015 appropriations.

Directs the Attorney General to establish a grant program for mail, telemarketing, and Internet fraud prevention education programs for senior citizens. Makes such grants available to state and local law enforcement agencies, senior centers, and local nonprofit organizations that provide assistance to seniors. Authorizes FY2011-FY2015 appropriations.

Expresses the sense of Congress: (1) with respect to public awareness of the impact of such fraud on senior citizens; and (2) that a week in May should be designated as National Senior Fraud Awareness Week.
National Trails System Willing Seller Act - Expresses the sense of Congress that, in order to address problems involving multijurisdictional authority over the National Trails System, the Secretary of the Federal department with jurisdiction over a national scenic or historic trail should: (1) cooperate with appropriate State and local officials and private persons to pursue the trail's development; and (2) be granted sufficient authority to purchase from willing sellers lands and interests in lands critical to trail completion.Provides for Federal acquisition of lands from willing sellers for specified System trails. Amends the National Trails System Act to provide protection for such willing sellers.
Women's Obstetrician and Gynecologist Access Now Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and the Internal Revenue Code to require that group and individual health insurance coverage and group health plans permit enrollees direct access to services of obstetrical and gynecological physician services directly and without a referral.States that a plan or issuer shall not be prohibited from establishing: (1) reasonable requirements for a participating obstetrician and gynecologist or family practice physician and surgeon to communicate with the participant's or beneficiary's primary care physician and surgeon regarding the participant's or beneficiary's condition and treatment; or (2) reasonable provisions governing utilization protocols and the use of obstetricians and gynecologists, or family practice physicians and surgeons, participating in the plan or issuer network.
Attorney-Client Privilege Protection Act of 2009 - Amends the federal criminal code to prohibit any U.S. agent or attorney, in any federal investigation or criminal or civil enforcement matter, including any form of administrative proceeding or adjudication, from: (1) demanding or requesting that an organization, or a current or former employee, officer, director, or agent of such organization, waive the protections of the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine; (2) offering to reward or actually rewarding an organization, or current or former employee, officer, director, or agent, for waiving such protections; or (3) threatening adverse treatment or penalizing an organization, or current or former employee, officer, director, or agent, for declining to waive those protections.

Prohibits a U.S. agent or attorney in any federal investigation or criminal or civil enforcement matter, including any form of administrative proceeding or adjudication, from considering specified conduct in: (1) making a civil or criminal charging or enforcement decision relating to an organization, or one of its current or former employees or agents; or (2) determining whether an organization, or a current or former employee, officer, director, or agent, is cooperating with the government.

Numbers among the actions a U.S. agent or attorney may not use as a charging decision condition or a cooperation-determining factor: (1) any valid assertion of the protection of the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine; (2) the provision of counsel to, or contribution to the legal defense fees or expenses of, a current or former employee, officer, director, or agent of an organization; (3) entry into, or existence of, a valid joint-defense, information-sharing, or common-interest agreement between an organization and a current or former employee or officer or director or agent, or among its current or former employees; (4) the sharing of relevant information in anticipation of or in response to an investigation or enforcement matter between an organization and a current or former employee or officer or director or agent, or among its current or former employees, unless shuch sharing is itself an offense; or (5) the failure to terminate the employment or affiliation of or otherwise sanction any employee, officer, director, or agent of the organization because of the employee's, officer's, director's, or agent's decision to exercise personal constitutional rights or other legal protections in response to a government request.

Prohibits a U.S. agent or attorney from demanding or requesting that an organization or an affiliated person not take any such action.
Local Government Interstate Waste Control Act - Amends the Solid Waste Disposal Act to prohibit owners or operators of landfills or incinerators from receiving out-of-State municipal solid waste unless they obtain authorization from the affected local government. 
Exempts from such prohibition:  (1) landfills or incinerators that, during the one-year period preceding this Act's enactment date, received documented shipments of out-of-State municipal solid waste or, before this Act's enactment date, obtained authorization to accept such waste; (2) landfills in compliance with all Federal and State laws and regulations concerning design and location, leachate collection, groundwater monitoring, and financial assurance for closure and post-closure care and corrective action; or (3) incinerators in compliance with specified requirements of the Clean Air Act and State laws and regulations relating to facility design. 
Permits a Governor, if requested by an affected local government and local solid waste planning unit, to limit the amount of out-of-State waste, during a one-year period, received by landfills exempted from authorization requirements as a result of receiving documented shipments of such waste during the one-year period preceding this Act's enactment date. 
Requires owners or operators of landfills or incinerators exempt from this Act's requirements to make contracts entered into for the disposal of out-of-State waste available to the public for inspection. 
Permits States to exercise the option to become exempt from this Act's requirements if they notify the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and make specific reference to this Act in taking any appropriate action to reject this Act's applicability.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Accountability and Transparency for Taxpayers Act of 2010 - Directs the Inspector General (IG) of the Federal Housing Finance Agency to submit quarterly reports to Congress on the IG's activities with respect to the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) and their activities and condition while they are in conservatorship status.
Spacefaring Priorities for America's Continued Exploration Act or SPACE Act - Prohibits the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) from relying solely on the Russian government for astronaut transport or cargo resupply services, except for the current Soyuz emergency escape services for astronauts on the International Space Station.

Authorizes appropriations to NASA for: (1) exploration systems; and (2) emergency funding for Columbia return-to-flight costs.

Requires NASA to fly at least two space shuttle missions per year for crew transport, instead of Russian crew and cargo services, for the period 2010-2015, or until Orion is operational. Authorizes appropriations to carry out such operations. Requires NASA to report to Congress on the specific costs and actions needed to extend the operation of the space shuttle.

Requires NASA, by March 31, 2011, to investigate areas of reduced operations and enhanced cost savings and implement those that do not impinge on the safe operation of the space shuttle program.

Directs NASA to define achievable and attainable requirements for the operation of such program beyond 2010, as recommended by the Columbia Accident Investigation Board. Requires: (1) NASA to report to Congress on such requirements; and (2) NASA to immediately begin satisfying those requirements and to satisfy all of them by March 31, 2010.
(Sec. 2) Directs the President to appoint a Special Envoy to Promote Religious Freedom of Religious Minorities in the Near East and South Central Asia within the Department of State. Requires the Special Envoy to have the rank of ambassador. (Sec. 3) Requires the Special Envoy to: (1) promote the right of religious freedom of religious minorities in the countries of the Near East and South Central Asia, denounce the violation of such right, and recommend appropriate U.S government responses to such violations; (2) monitor and combat acts of religious intolerance and incitement targeted against such religious minorities; (3) ensure that the needs of such religious minority communities are addressed, including economic and security needs directly tied to religious-based discrimination and persecution; (4) work with foreign governments of such countries to address inherently discriminatory laws; and (5) coordinate and assist in the preparation of specified reports required by the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. (Sec. 4) Authorizes the Special Envoy, subject to direction by the President and the Secretary of State, to represent the United States in matters and cases relevant to religious freedom in: (1) contacts with foreign governments, intergovernmental organizations, and specialized agencies of the United Nations (U.N.), the Organization of Security and Cooperation in Europe, and other international organizations; and (2) multilateral conferences and meetings relevant to religious freedom. (Sec. 5) Requires the Special Envoy to give priority to programs, projects, and activities for Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan. (Sec. 6) Directs the Secretary to eliminate certain positions within the State Department as necessary to offset the costs of carrying out this Act.  (Sec. 7) Declares that this Act shall cease to be effective on October 1, 2018.
Orphan Highway Restoration Act - Directs the Secretary of Transportation to make grants and provide technical assistance to States and local governments to: (1) perform preventive maintenance on or carry out projects for resurfacing, restoration, reconstruction, and rehabilitation of orphan highways; and (2) rehabilitate, repair, or construct sidewalks, medians, bike lanes, traffic-calming devices, signaling, or signage to enhance community livability on or adjacent to such highways.

Defines "orphan highway" as one that: (1) is or was formerly a United States numbered highway; (2) is located within the boundaries of a local government (which includes an Indian Tribe); (3) is no longer a principal route for traffic passing through the State after construction of a bypass or Interstate; (4) currently functions as a county, parish, or city arterial or collector route or provides access to or within Federal or tribal lands; and (5) because of decreased importance to statewide transportation has received only routine maintenance, but needs significant resurfacing, restoration, reconstruction, or rehabilitation.

Specifies projects to receive funding priority, such as those that include rehabilitation measures that focus on pedestrian safety, that are coordinated with State and local adopted preservation plans, that promote cost-effective and strategic investments in transportation infrastructure that minimizes adverse environmental impacts, or that foster public-private partnerships.

Sets forth provisions regarding fund distribution and the Federal cost share.
Marine Debris Act Reauthorization Amendments of 2010 - Reauthorizes appropriations through FY2015 for, and revises provisions of, the Marine Debris Research, Prevention, and Reduction Act. Replaces provisions establishing within the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) the Marine Debris Prevention and Removal Program with provisions establishing the Marine Debris Program.

Revises provisions governing such Program, including by requiring the Administrator of NOAA to: (1) investigate, identify sources of, assess, reduce, remove, and prevent the occurrence of marine debris and to address and prevent adverse impacts of such debris on the marine environment, navigation safety, and the economy; (2) address land-based sources of marine debris, develop fishing gear modifications or alternatives to conventional fishing gear posing a threat to the marine environment, and develop effective nonregulatory measures and incentives to cooperatively reduce the volume of lost and discarded fishing gear and to aid in its recovery; (3) undertake national and regional coordination to assist states, Indian tribes, and regional organizations to address marine debris issues that are particular to their areas; (4) develop tools and products to improve efforts to address marine debris and make them available to researchers, the marine debris community, and the general public; and (5) lead the development and implementation of a strategy to promote international action to reduce the incidence of marine debris.

Requires the Administrator to host a Global Marine Debris Coordination Conference in 2015 and at least every four years thereafter.

Defines "marine debris" to mean any man-made object that: (1) intentionally or unintentionally, is discarded, disposed of, or abandoned; and (2) enters the coastal or marine environment directly from a vessel, a facility, or shore or indirectly, by being carried via a river, stream, or storm drain or by other means.
Technology Retraining And Investment Now Act of 2004 (TRAIN Act of 2004) - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow businesses and individuals a tax credit for 50 percent of their information and communications technology education and training expenses up to $8,000 for a taxable year. Increases the allowable amount of the credit to $10,000 for expenses for a program operated: (1) in an empowerment zone, enterprise community, or renewal community; (2) in a school district in which at least 50 percent of the students are eligible for free or reduced-cost lunches under the National School Lunch Act; (3) in an area designated as a disaster area under the Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act; (4) in a designated rural enterprise community; (5) in an area designated as a Rural Economic Area Partnership Zone; (6) in an area over which an Indian tribal government has jurisdiction; (7) by an employer who has 200 or fewer employees for each business day in each of 20 or more calendar weeks in the current or preceding calendar year; or (8) for an individual with a disability.

Defines "information technology education and training program expenses" to include: (1) course work: (2) certification testing; (3) apprenticeship programs registered by the Department of Labor; and (4) other expenses that are essential to assessing skill acquisition.

Redefines" eligible educational institution" to include a commercial information and communications technology training provider.
Cyber-Security Enhancement Act of 2007 - Amends the federal criminal code to: (1) prohibit accessing a protected computer to obtain a unique identification number, address or routing code, or access device; (2) revise the definition of "protected computer" to include computers affecting interstate or foreign commerce or communication; (3) expand the definition of "racketeering" to include computer fraud; (4) redefine the crime of computer-related extortion to include threats to access without authorization (or to exceed authorized access of) a protected computer; (5) impose criminal penalties for conspiracy to commit computer fraud; (6) require forfeiture of property used to commit computer fraud; and (7) impose criminal penalties for damaging 10 or more protected computers during any one-year period.

Directs the U.S. Sentencing Commission to review and amend its guidelines and policy statements to reflect congressional intent to increase criminal penalties for computer fraud.

Authorizes additional appropriations in FY2007-FY2011 to the U.S. Secret Service, the Department of Justice, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to investigate and prosecute criminal activity involving computers.
21st Century Science for Nuclear Waste Disposal Act of 2004 - Amends the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 to repeal the authority of the Secretary of Energy (Secretary) to enter into contracts for the acceptance of title, transportation, and disposal of spent nuclear fuel or high-level radioactive waste.

Declares that the Nuclear Waste Fund shall be available to the Secretary only to pay the cost of research, development, and utilization in the United States of risk-decreasing technologies, with an emphasis on technologies that: (1) increase the length of time that nuclear waste can be safely stored at or near areas where currently located or where (in the future) generated; (2) require the least amount of transportation of nuclear waste practicable; and (3) reduce the level of radiation of the nuclear waste.

Prohibits the government from using funds for research, development, or implementation of a central high-level radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel repository.

Repeals the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, but retains requirements governing: (1) financial arrangements for site closure for low-level radioactive waste; (2) the Nuclear Waste Fund; and (3) Nuclear Regulatory Commission training authorization.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to repeal special rules governing nuclear decommissioning costs.
Education and Workforce Innovation Act - Directs the Secretary of Education to carry out a five-year pilot program to award grants to eligible entities to carry out programs that provide direct skills and job training for individuals to enter and advance in high-growth, emerging, and in-demand industries, such as skilled labor and trade industries.  Defines an &quot;eligible entity&quot; as a private company involved in the manufacturing, production, or technology industries, in partnership with a junior or community college, postsecondary vocational institution, or secondary school. Authorizes such an entity to use such a grant to develop and carry out a multiyear program to provide students enrolled in such a college, institution, or school with education and training to enter and advance in such industries, by providing: (1) customized training, (2) increased productivity and knowledge transfer, (3) a stable and predictable pipeline to a high-standard of employment upon graduation, (4) a proven model of success, and (5) an opportunity for career advancement. Requires an eligible entity that is awarded a grant to provide matching funds from non-federal sources. Directs the Secretaries of Education and the Treasury to administer a five-year pilot program under which qualified investors enter into a pay-for-performance agreement under which they will provide funds to service providers to carry out workforce training programs that increase trade certifications or apprenticeships for unemployed individuals or dislocated workers.
Local Government Internet Tobacco Sales Enforcement Act of 2004 - Amends the Jenkins Act to require each person who engages in an interstate sale of cigarettes or smokeless tobacco or in an interstate distribution of cigarettes or smokeless tobacco to comply with all applicable excise, sales, and use tax laws in the State and place in which the cigarettes or smokeless tobacco are delivered.

 Prohibits the cigarettes or smokeless tobacco from being delivered to the buyer unless in advance of the delivery the excise tax has been paid and any required stamps or other indicia that such tax has been paid are properly affixed or applied, with an exception.

Authorizes a State attorney general or the chief law enforcement officer of a local government that imposes an excise tax on cigarettes or smokeless tobacco to bring a civil action to obtain appropriate relief against anyone who violates such prohibition or who knowingly assists or participates in such a violation. Declares that the Act does not prohibit an authorized State, local, or tribal government official from proceeding in State or tribal court. Makes the Act's provisions regarding State tax collection inapplicable to certain sales that occur exclusively in Indian country. Expresses the sense of Congress that unique harms are associated with the remote interstate sales of cigarette and smokeless tobacco. Affirms Congress' longstanding interest in encouraging compliance and enforcement of State laws that relate to remote (including Internet) sales of such products.
Bonneville Power Administration Appropriations Refinancing Act - Prescribes guidelines under which the Administrator of the Bonneville Power Administration is directed to refinance a certain appropriated debt by establishing:  (1) a new principal amount for such debt; (2) new interest rates for such debt based on long-term Treasury rates in effect as of the date the principal is reset; and (3) a $100 million limit on prepayments of old capital investments before a certain date. 
Authorizes appropriations to the Administrator in FY 1996 and thereafter as long as the Administrator makes certain claim settlement payments to the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation. 
Directs the Administrator to offer to include provisions in future electric power service contracts that preclude further increases in the refinanced principal amount or interest rate obligations to the Government.
Haitian-American Enterprise Fund Act - Authorizes the President, after congressional consultation, to designate one private, nonprofit organization as the Haitian-American Enterprise Fund to receive funds and support under this Act to promote the Haitian private and agricultural sectors and joint U.S.-Haitian ventures through loans, grants, equity investments, technical assistance, training, and insurance.

 States that: (1) a grant agreement between the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and the Fund shall require the Fund to liquidate its assets and dissolve not later than December 31, 2020, unless USAID determines that the Fund should be extended; and (2) all Fund assets remaining at such time shall be used to organize a follow-on U.S.-Haiti legacy foundation.

Applies the enterprise fund provisions of the Support for East European Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 to the Fund in the same manner as such provisions apply to other similar U.S.-established enterprise funds.

Authorizes appropriations.
Women and HIV Outreach and Prevention Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants, with regard to women (and their partners) and acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS), for preventive health services, referrals, follow-ups, outreach, and training on the effective provision of such services.  Authorizes appropriations. 
Authorizes grants to educate women on the prevention of infection with, and the transmission of, the etiologic agent for AIDS. Authorizes appropriations. 
Authorizes grants, cooperative agreements, and contracts to provide:  (1) substance abuse treatment to women; (2) counseling to women who engage in substance abuse on the prevention of infection with, and the transmission of, the etiologic agent for AIDS; and (3) such counseling to women who are the partners of individuals who abuse substances.  Authorizes appropriations.
Clean Diamond Trade Act - Authorizes the President to prohibit imports of rough diamonds (with specified exceptions) into the United States from any country that does not take certain measures to stop trade in conflict diamonds as long as such prohibition is necessary to protect the essential security interests of the United States (or pursuant to United Nations (UN) Security Council Resolutions on conflict diamonds), and is consistent with U.S. foreign policy interests, including its international obligations.(Sec. 5) Authorizes the President to prohibit specific entries of polished diamonds and jewelry containing diamonds if the President has credible evidence that such polished diamonds and jewelry were produced with conflict diamonds.(Sec. 6) Sets forth both civil and criminal penalties for the import of prohibited diamonds and jewelry into the United States.(Sec. 7) Requires the President to report to Congress with respect to those countries that are involved in the export of conflict diamonds to the United States, including measures taken by the United States and such countries to ensure that such diamonds are not being imported into the United States.(Sec. 8) Requires the Comptroller General of the United States to report to Congress on the effectiveness of the provisions of this Act in preventing the importation of conflict diamonds into the United States.(Sec. 9) Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) the President should take the necessary steps to negotiate an international agreement to eliminate the trade in conflict diamonds and seek UN Security Council Resolutions for countries that are involved in conflicts linked to rough diamonds; (2) the provisions of this Act should not impede the trade in legitimate diamonds with countries that are working to eliminate trade in conflict diamonds, including through the negotiation of an effective international agreement to eliminate trade in conflict diamonds; and (3) companies involved in diamond extraction and trade should make financial contributions to countries seeking to implement measures to stop trade in conflict diamonds if such countries would have financial difficulty implementing such measures.(Sec. 10) Authorizes appropriations.
Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to:  (1) repeal a provision which prohibits a State or local government from regulating the placement, construction, or modification of personal wireless service facilities (communications towers) on the basis of the environmental effects of frequency emissions from such facilities when such facilities comply with Federal Communications Commission (FCC) regulations; (2) allow any person adversely affected by any final action or failure to act by a State or local government with respect to such facilities to commence an action in any court of competent jurisdiction within 30 days after exhaustion of any administrative remedies; (3) require that, in any action in which a person seeking to place, construct, or modify such a facility is a party, such person bear the burden of proof of its necessity; and (4) prohibit the FCC from adopting as a final rule a certain proposed rule which would preempt State and local zoning and land use restrictions on the siting, placement, and construction of broadcast station transmission facilities. 
Prohibits any provision of such Act from being interpreted to:  (1) authorize any person to place, construct, or modify a broadcast or telecommunications tower in a manner that is inconsistent with State or local law or contrary to an official State decision if alternate technology is capable of delivering the broadcast or telecommunications signals without the use of such a tower; or (2) prohibit a State or local government from requiring a person seeking authority to locate such facilities within a local jurisdiction to produce appropriate documentation of compliance with FCC radio frequency exposure limits and aviation safety standards.  Authorizes such State or local government to refuse to grant such location authority to any person who fails to produce such documentation.
Unborn Victims of Violence Act of 2001 - Provides that: (1) whoever engages in conduct that violates specified provisions of the Federal criminal code, the Controlled Substances Act of 1970, or the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, or specified articles the Uniform Code of Military Justice (conduct constituting certain Federal violent crimes) and thereby causes the death of, or bodily injury to, a child who is in utero, shall be guilty of a separate offense; and (2) the punishment for that separate offense shall be the same as that provided under Federal law for that conduct had that injury or death occurred to the unborn child's mother.Specifies that a violation of such provisions does not require proof that: (1) the person engaging in the conduct had knowledge or should have had knowledge that the victim of the underlying offense was pregnant; or (2) the defendant (or accused) intended to cause the death of, or bodily injury to, the unborn child. Directs that if the person engaging in the conduct thereby intentionally kills or attempts to kill the unborn child, that person shall be punished as provided under the Federal criminal code for intentionally killing or attempting to kill a human being. Prohibits imposition of the death penalty for an offense under this Act.Bars prosecution under this Act: (1) of any person for conduct relating to an abortion for which the consent of the pregnant woman, or a person authorized by law to act on her behalf, has been obtained or for which such consent is implied by law; (2) for conduct relating to any medical treatment of the pregnant woman or her unborn child; or (3) of any woman with respect to her unborn child.
Bonneville Power Administration Appropriations Refinancing Act - Prescribes guidelines under which the Administrator of the Bonneville Power Administration (BPA) shall refinance a certain appropriated debt by determining with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury:  (1) a new principal amount for such debt; (2) a new interest rate for such debt based on the Treasury rate for the old capital investment; and (3) a $100 million limit on prepayments of old capital investments before a certain date. 
Prescribes guidelines for interest rates for new capital investments. 
Amends the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation Grand Coulee Dam Settlement Act to appropriate specified amounts to the Administrator in certain fiscal years so long as the Administrator makes annual payments to the Tribes under a certain settlement agreement. 
Directs the Administrator to offer to include provisions in future electric power service contracts that preclude further increases in the principal amount or interest rate obligations to the Government. 
Directs the Administrator to study and report to the Congress on: (1) the effect that rate increases for electric power sales may have upon the BPA customer base; and (2) the total prior costs incurred and the total future costs anticipated by the BPA for compliance with the Endangered Species Act.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a limited income tax deduction for interest on a qualified educational loan.  Defines such a loan.
Voluntary Environmental Self-Evaluation Act - Provides that information contained in, and testimony relating to, voluntary environmental self-evaluations shall not be admissible evidence or subject to discovery in Federal or State administrative or judicial proceedings under Federal environmental laws.  Authorizes waivers of such privilege by the entity concerned. 
Permits persons seeking disclosure of such information, in cases where an entity invokes the nondisclosure privilege, to request an administrative law judge or the court, as appropriate, to convene an in camera proceeding to determine applicability of the privilege. Makes the privilege inapplicable in civil proceedings if an administrative law judge or the court determines that:  (1) the document or testimony indicates non-compliance with an environmental law by such entity and the entity failed to achieve compliance within a reasonable time period; (2) such entity is asserting the privilege for a fraudulent purpose; or (3) the report was prepared for purposes of avoiding disclosure of information required for a pending or imminent investigative, administrative, or judicial proceeding of which the entity had knowledge.  Provides for appeals of such determinations. 
Makes the nondisclosure privilege inapplicable in criminal proceedings brought by Federal or State agencies if the court makes any of the determinations described above for civil proceedings. Authorizes seizures of reports believed to constitute evidence of criminal offenses but limits use of the information to review by such agencies until the court determines it subject to disclosure. 
Provides immunity from Federal or State prosecution to entities making voluntary disclosures of violations of environmental laws as a result of making self-evaluations or using environmental management systems and makes such disclosures inadmissible in courts or administrative proceedings if the entity:  (1) meets certain conditions regarding promptness of disclosure, efforts to achieve compliance, and availability of information; and (2) is not disclosing information for fraudulent purposes or to avoid penalties.  Makes immunity inapplicable if the violation concerned is part of a pattern of significant violations that has occurred within the past three years in cases where the senior management had knowledge and failed to take corrective action.
Establishes the Tick-Borne Disorders Advisory Committee in the Office of the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS). Directs the Committee to advise the Secretary and the Assistant Secretary of HHS regarding how to: (1) assure interagency coordination and communication in efforts to address tick-borne disorders; (2) identify opportunities to coordinate efforts with other Federal agencies and private organizations; and (3) develop informed responses to constituency groups regarding HHS' efforts and progress.

Authorizes appropriations for FY 2004 and 2005 to fund the Committee in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act. Authorizes appropriations for FY 2004 through 2008 for: (1) research and educational activities concerning Lyme disease and other tick-borne disorders; and (2) efforts to prevent such illnesses. Expresses the sense of the Senate that the Secretary should consider carrying out a five-year plan to: (1) develop a diagnostic test for Lyme disease and other tick-borne disorders for use in clinical testing; (2) determine the prevalence of such illnesses in the United States; and (3) develop the capabilities at HHS to design and implement improved strategies for the prevention and control of such illnesses.
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the House on July 8, 2013.  Three Kids Mine Remediation and Reclamation Act - (Sec. 3) Directs the Secretary of the Interior to convey to the Henderson Redevelopment Agency of the city of Henderson, Nevada, all right, title, and interest of the United States of the approximately 948 identified acres of Bureau of Reclamation and Bureau of Land Management (BLM) land within the Three Kids Mine Project Site (the federal land).  Requires the Henderson Redevelopment Agency to pay the fair market value, if any, for the federal land.  Directs the Secretary to determine the fair market value of the federal land based on an appraisal that does not take into account any existing contamination. Requires the Henderson Redevelopment Agency to reimburse the Secretary for appraisal costs. Directs the Secretary to prepare a reasonable estimate of the costs to assess, remediate, and reclaim the Three Kids Mine Project Site.  Requires the Mine Remediation and Reclamation Agreement to be an enforceable consent order or agreement administered by the state.  (Sec. 4) Withdraws the federal land, for a 10-year period, beginning on the earlier of enactment, or on the date of conveyance, from: (1) entry, appropriation, operation, or disposal under the public land laws; (2) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and (3) disposition under the mineral leasing, mineral materials, and the geothermal leasing laws.  Relinquishes and revokes, subject to valid existing rights, any withdrawal that includes any portion of the federal land for which the Bureau of Reclamation has no further need.  Declares that nothing in this Act diminishes, hinders, or interferes with the exclusive and perpetual use by existing rights holders of the operation, maintenance, and improvement of water conveyance infrastructure and facilities situated on the federal land constructed or permitted by the Bureau of Reclamation before the effective date of this Act. (Sec. 5) Adjusts the boundary of the River Mountains Area of Critical Environmental Concern to exclude any portion of the Three Kids Mine Project Site. (Sec. 6) Applies the responsibility for complying with the mine remediation and reclamation agreement executed under section 3, upon completion of the conveyance, to the responsible party and the state of Nevada. (Defines &quot;responsible party&quot; as the private sector entity designated by the Henderson Redevelopment Agency, and approved by the state, to complete the assessment, remediation, reclamation, and redevelopment of the Three Kids Mine Project Site.)  (Sec. 7) Makes the Southern Nevada Public Land Management Act of 1998 inapplicable to land conveyed under this Act.
This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a new tax credit for a taxpayer's employment-related expenses necessary to care for a dependent who has attained age 50.  Employment-related expenses include: (1) expenses for household services; and (2) expenses for the care of the dependent, including respite care and hospice care. The expenses must be incurred to enable the taxpayer to be gainfully employed for any period for which there are one or more dependents that qualify for the credit.  The bill limits the amount of such credit to $3,000 for the care of one dependent and $6,000 for the care of two or more dependents of the taxpayer in a taxable year. 
Establishes a Commission on Structural Alternatives for the Federal Courts of Appeals to:  (1) study the present division of the United States into the several judicial circuits and the structure and alignment of the Federal Court of Appeals system, with particular reference to the Ninth Circuit; and (2) report its recommendations for changes to the President and the Congress by the earlier of June 30, 1998, or one year after enactment of this Act. 
Directs the Senate Judiciary Committee to act on the report within 60 days of its transmission. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Community Broadcasters Protection Act of 1999 - Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to direct the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to prescribe regulations to establish a class A license for qualifying low-power television (LPT) stations.  Requires notification of LPT licensees of the requirements for class A designation.  Requires requesting licensees to submit to the FCC a certification of eligibility based on the requirements of this Act.  Requires the FCC to: (1) grant such certification absent a material deficiency; and (2) act to preserve the contours of LPT stations pending final resolution of such applications. Allows an LPT station to submit an application for class A designation only within 30 days after final regulations are adopted. 
Defines as a qualifying LPT station one which, during the 90 days preceding the date of enactment of this Act: (1) broadcast for at least 18 hours per day; (2) broadcast an average of at least three hours per week of programming that was produced within the market area served by such station or the market area served by a group of commonly controlled stations that carry common local or specialized programming not otherwise available to their communities; and (3) complied with other requirements applicable to LPT stations and, after the date of its license application, complies with the FCC's operating rules for full power television stations.  Allows the FCC to treat non-qualifying stations as LPT stations under this Act if public interest, convenience, and necessity would be so served. 
Provides that: (1) the FCC is not required to issue any additional licenses for advanced television services to the licensees of class A television stations; and (2) the FCC shall approve such license applications proposing facilities that will not cause interference to any other broadcast facility authorized on the date of the filing of the class A advanced television application. 
States that nothing in this Act shall preempt Federal provisions concerning the allocation and assignment of new public safety services licenses and commercial licenses. 
Prohibits the FCC from granting a class A license to an LPT station operating between 698 and 806 megahertz, but requires the FCC to provide to LPT stations assigned to and temporarily operating within such bandwidth the opportunity to meet the licensing requirements.
Expanding Research for Women in Trauma Act of 2002 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to: (1) increase and expand specified violence prevention research initiatives that focus upon violence against women and special populations including adolescents and ethnic minorities; and (2) award grants for such programs for a maximum five-year period.
Expedited Consideration of Proposed Recissions Act of 1993 - Amends the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to grant the President an additional method of rescinding budget authority. 
Allows the President to transmit to both Houses of the Congress, for expedited consideration, one or more special messages proposing to rescind all or part of any item of budget authority provided in an appropriations Act. 
Requires that such special message be transmitted not later than three days after the President approves the appropriation bill or revenue Act and be accompanied by a draft bill or joint resolution that would, if enacted, rescind the budget authority proposed to be rescinded.  Sets forth House and Senate procedures for the expedited consideration of such proposals. 
Allows the President to transmit to the Congress, for expedited consideration, one or more special messages proposing to repeal any provision in an Act that would result in a tax expenditure.
Medicare Ambulance Payment Reform Act of 2001 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to revise requirements for payment for ambulance services concerning: (1) the establishment of a fee schedule; and (2) the coding system specifying the medical condition of the individual transported by an ambulance and the appropriate level of transportation service.Amends SSA titles XVIII (Medicare) (including part C (Medicare+Choice) of the Medicare program) and XIX (Medicaid) to establish a prudent layperson standard for justification of emergency ambulance services under Medicare and Medicaid.
Federal Reserve Audit and Accountability Act - Amends the Federal Reserve Act to declare that the president and first vice-president of each Federal reserve bank shall be appointed by the President, with the consent of the Senate.  (Currently such appointment authority is exercised by each Federal reserve bank's board of directors.) 
Amends Federal law to remove specified limitations placed upon General Accounting Office audits of the Federal Reserve Board and Federal reserve banks. 
Requires the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and all Federal reserve banks to transmit their estimated receipts and proposed expenditures to the Congress during the first 15 days of each regular session. 
Mandates prompt public disclosure of Federal Open Market Committee meetings and actions, including policy actions and prior transcripts. 
Directs the Comptroller General to study and report to the Congress on the feasibility of privatizing the Federal Reserve payment system.
Revolutionary War and War of 1812 Battlefield Protection Act - Amends the American Battlefield Protection Act of 1996 to direct the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the American Battlefield Protection Program, to establish an acquisition grant program for battlefields and associated sites identified in the Report to Congress on the Historic Preservation of Revolutionary War and War of 1812 Sites in the United States (battlefield report).

Authorizes the Secretary to provide grants to states or local governments (eligible entities) to pay the federal share of the cost of acquiring fee-simple or lesser interests from willing sellers in such sites. Permits eligible entities to acquire an interest in eligible sites using such grants in partnership with nonprofit organizations.

Requires the non-federal share of the cost of acquisition of eligible sites to be not less than 50 percent of the total.

Subjects acquired property to the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act's prohibition against conversion to other than public outdoor recreation uses without the Secretary's approval.

Requires the Secretary to submit to Congress a report on activities carried out under this Act and an update of the battlefield report.

Authorizes appropriations to: (1) provide grants under the Program for FY2009 through FY2013; and (2) update the battlefield report.
Emergency Agricultural Disaster Assistance Act of 2003 - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to provide: (1) emergency financial assistance to agricultural producers who have incurred qualifying 2001 or 2002 crop losses due to weather or related conditions; and (2) payments to livestock producers who have incurred 2001 and 2002 losses in an emergency-designated county.Permits producers with qualifying losses in both years to elect to receive payments in either, but not both, of such years.Makes producers ineligible for crop disaster assistance if they did not: (1) get Federal crop insurance for insurable commodities; and (2) file required paperwork and pay related fees for noninsurable commodities. Sets forth waiver provisions.
Savings Enhancement for Education in College Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) make permanent the allowance for payment of expenses for computer technology and equipment from qualified tuition programs; (2) allow a tax credit for contributions to such programs; and (3) allow limited direction of investment of contributions or earnings in a qualified tuition program.
Worker Amnesty and Opportunity Act of 2003 - Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for legal permanent resident status for certain undocumented or nonimmigrant aliens who are: (1) alien workers in an employee-shortage occupation and sponsored by a labor organization; (2) eligible for admission at a U.S. institution of higher education; or (3) at least 65 years old.
Health Workforce Advisory Commission Act of 2005 - Directs the Comptroller General to establish the Health Workforce Advisory Commission to analyze health workforce policy issues, including by: (1) reviewing Federal health workforce policies; (2) analyzing and making recommendations to improve the methods used to measure and monitor the health workforce; (3) reviewing the impact of such policies on the ability of the health care system to provide optimal medical and health care services; (4) analyzing and making recommendations pertaining to Federal incentives and programs that promote the education of health professionals; (5) analyzing the role and global implications of internationally trained health professionals and personnel in the U.S. workforce; and (6) making recommendations to Congress concerning health workforce policy issues.
Artists' Contribution to American Heritage Act of 2001 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide a fair market value (determined at time of contribution) deduction for charitable contributions of literary, musical, artistic, scholarly compositions, or the copyright created by a qualifying donor. Exempts certain non-personal letters and memorandum from such treatment.Limits such increased deduction to the donor's artistic adjusted income (as defined by this Act).
Rural and Urban Health Care Act of 2001 - Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to: (1) revise admission requirements for nonimmigrant alien nurses, including increasing the type of qualifying employer-facilities; and (2) increase the number of annual two-year foreign residency requirement waivers for aliens receiving graduate medical education or training in the United States.
Ratepayer Recovery Act of 2008 - Amends the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to cite conditions under which the President is authorized to make disaster assistance contributions for the repair, restoration, reconstruction, or replacement of private or investor-owned power transmission and distribution facilities damaged or destroyed by a major disaster.

Cites conditions for large in-lieu contributions to a private or investor-owned power facility if the owner determines that the public welfare would not best be served by repairing, restoring, reconstructing, or replacing the facility.

Restricts the use of such funds to the area affected as a result of the major disaster.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code and the Social Security Act to increase the cash remuneration or employer expenditure thresholds for agricultural labor wage purposes.Exempts from the definition of "employment" for employer tax purposes agricultural labor performed by a full-time student under 18 years old.Amends the Code to provide for collection coordination of agricultural labor employment tax and income tax.
Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act   Directs the President to impose U.S. entry and property sanctions against any foreign person (or entity) who:   is responsible for extrajudicial killings, torture, or other gross violations of internationally recognized human rights committed against individuals in any foreign country, especially those persons seeking to expose illegal activity carried out by government officials, or to obtain, exercise, or promote human rights and freedoms;  acted as an agent of or on behalf of a foreign person in such activities;  is a government official (or senior associate of such official) responsible for, or complicit in, ordering or otherwise directing acts of significant corruption or the facilitation or transfer of the proceeds of corruption to foreign jurisdictions; or  has materially assisted or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services in support of, such activities.  Prescribes related penalties.  Authorizes the President, with regard to such sanctions, to:   waive their application, with prior congressional notification, if in U.S. national security interests; and  terminate them under specified conditions.   States that sanctions shall not apply if necessary to comply with the Agreement between the United Nations (U.N.) and the United States regarding the U.N. Headquarters, or other applicable international obligations of the United States.  Directs the President to report to Congress annually regarding each foreign person sanctioned, the type of sanctions imposed, and the reason for their imposition.  Directs the Comptroller General to assess for Congress: (1) the process to determine whether a foreign person has engaged in a sanctionable activity, whether sanctions should be imposed, and whether the identity of a sanctioned foreign person should be classified; and (2) implementation of this Act.
State Secret Protection Act of 2009 - Declares that in any civil action brought in federal or state court the government has a privilege to refuse to give information and to prevent any person from giving information only if the government shows that public disclosure of the information that the government seeks to protect would be reasonably likely to cause significant harm to the national defense or the diplomatic relations of the United States.

Requires the court to take steps, including in camera hearings and other proceedings, to protect sensitive information that comes before it.

Sets forth rules regarding the participation of counsel or the disclosure of information when it presents a risk of harm. Provides for court-ordered presentation of adequate or nonprivileged substitutes for privileged information.

Allows the government to: (1) assert the privilege in connection with any claim in a civil action to which it is a party; or (2) intervene in a civil action to which it is not a party in order to do so.

Provides that once the government has asserted the privilege, and before the court makes any determinations, the court shall: (1) undertake a preliminary review of the information in question; and (2) provide the government an opportunity to seek protective measures under this Act.

Establishes procedures and a standard for assessing the privilege claim.

Allows disclosure of information to a nongovernmental party, or admission at trial under the rules of evidence, if the court determines that the privilege is not validly asserted. Prohibits such disclosure or admission if the privilege is determined valid.

Grants the courts of appeal jurisdiction of an appeal by any party from any interlocutory decision or order of a U.S. district court.
Make College Affordable Act of 2001 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow an annual income-adjusted deduction for qualified higher education expenses (tuition and academic fees) paid on behalf of a taxpayer, spouse, dependent, or grandchild. (Prohibits the use in the same year of such deduction and the Hope and Lifetime Learning Credits.)Establishes an annual income-adjusted credit (up to $1,500) for the interest paid during the first 60 months of a qualified higher education loan by a non-dependent taxpayer.
Tools for Community Initiatives Act - Establishes the Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives (the Office) in the Executive Office of the President. Requires the Director of the Office to encourage faith-based and community initiatives and work to eliminate improper Federal barriers so as to allow faith-based and community entities to compete for Federal funding to the fullest opportunity permitted by law, including by: (1) developing, leading, and coordinating policies with respect to such initiatives; (2) coordinating public education activities designed to mobilize public support for such initiatives; (3) advising the President on options and ideas to assist, strengthen, and replicate successful initiatives; (4) developing and implementing strategic initiatives in keeping with policies that will strengthen families, communities, and the institutions of civil society; and (5) working to eliminate unnecessary legislative and regulatory barriers which impede the efforts of such initiatives to solve social problems.

Requires the heads of the Departments of Education, Labor, Justice, Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban Development, Agriculture, Commerce, and Veteran Affairs, the Agency for International Development, and the Small Business Administration to designate a liaison to coordinate the activities of the department or agency with the Office.
Medicare Identity Theft Prevention Act of 2012 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish cost-effective procedures to ensure that: (1) a Social Security account number (or any derivative) is not displayed, coded, or embedded on the Medicare card issued to an individual entitled to benefits under part A (Hospital Insurance) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act or enrolled under Medicare part B (Supplementary Medical Insurance); and (2) any other identifier displayed on such card is easily identifiable as not being the Social Security account number (or a derivative).

Requires the Secretary, in implementing this Act, to: (1) establish a cost-effective process that involves the least amount of disruption to Medicare beneficiaries and health care providers; and (2) consider implementing a process similar to the one involving Railroad Retirement Board beneficiaries under which the Medicare beneficiary identifier used is not a Social Security account number (or derivative), is external to HHS, and is convertible over to a Social Security account number (or derivative) for use internal to HHS and the Social Security Administration.

Applies these requirements to Medicare cards issued on and after an effective date, specified by the Secretary, which shall not be later than three years after enactment of this Act. Requires reissuance of existing Medicare cards within those three years to comply with this Act, but also permits individuals to apply for reissuance earlier than the official reissuance date. Makes amounts from the Medicare Improvement Fund available for transfer to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Program Management Account to offset the costs of implementing this Act. Requires the Commissioner of Social Security and the Secretary to enter into an agreement for such funding, and keep a detailed accounting for submission to Congress. Directs the Comptroller General (GAO) to examine whether the Medicare program should use smart card technology for Medicare beneficiary cards and provider membership cards.
Resource Efficient Appliance Incentives Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a business tax credit for the production of certain household appliances (clothes washers, dishwashers, and refrigerators) with a specified energy efficiency rating. Imposes an aggregate limitation of $75 million on such credit for all taxable years ($35 million for certain other appliances), and an annual limitation based on taxpayer gross receipts (two percent of taxpayer average annual gross receipts for the three previous taxable years).
Amends the Tariff Act of 1930 to grant the U.S. Court of International Trade jurisdiction over the review of a final determination of such a binational panel.
Citizen Congress Act - Makes Members of Congress (Members) ineligible to participate in the Civil Service Retirement System (CSRS) or the Federal Employees' Retirement System (FERS) except as otherwise provided under this Act. 
Allows Members to participate in the Thrift Savings Plan during the 12-year period beginning on the date the Member begins his or her first term.  Permits refunds to be made in accordance with otherwise applicable law on account of an individual becoming ineligible to participate in CSRS or FERS as a result of this Act's enactment (provides that, for purposes of any such refund, a Member who becomes ineligible to participate in either of the retirement systems shall be treated as if separated from service). 
Sets forth provisions regarding:  (1) annuities; and (2) preservation of rights based on prior service. 
(Sec. 3) Amends the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1965 to provide for the disclosure of information necessary to enable the public to accurately compute the Federal retirement benefits of each Member based on various assumptions of years of service and age of separation from service by reason of retirement. 
(Sec. 4) Eliminates for Members automatic:  (1) annuity cost-of-living adjustments; and (2) pay adjustments under the legislative Reorganization Act of 1946. 
(Sec. 6) Requires a roll call vote for any matter relating to congressional pay. 
(Sec. 7) Permits any travel award that accrues by reason of official travel of a House Member, officer, or employee to be used only for official travel. 
(Sec. 8) Expresses the intent of the Congress that a Member or Member-elect may not mail any mass mailing as franked mail. 
(Sec. 9) Prohibits a Member from receiving transportation in an aircraft of the Military Air Command unless:  (1) the transportation is provided on a space-available basis as part of the aircraft's scheduled operations; (2) the use of the aircraft is necessary because the Member's destination or an airfield located within reasonable distance thereof is inaccessible by regularly scheduled flights of commercial aircraft; or (3) such use is the least expensive method for the Member to reach the destination by aircraft. 
(Sec. 10) Bars a Member from receiving medical or dental care in a facility of any uniformed service unless:  (1) such Member is eligible or entitled to such care as a member or former member of a uniformed service or as a covered beneficiary; or (2) such care is provided on an emergency basis unrelated to the person's status as a Member. 
(Sec. 11) Prohibits the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority from providing reserved parking areas free of charge to Members, other Government officials, or diplomats at Washington National Airport or Washington Dulles International Airport.  Directs such Authority to establish a parking policy for such airports that provides equal access to the public and does not provide preferential parking privileges to such individuals.
Cathedral Rock and Horse Heaven Wilderness Act of 2011 - Designates specified Bureau of Land Management (BLM) land in Oregon as potential wilderness areas.

Provides for the designation of such areas, to be known as the Cathedral Rock Wilderness and the Horse Heaven Wilderness, as wilderness and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System.

Authorizes certain land exchanges with specified landowners.
Mortgage Insurance Fairness Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a tax deduction for mortgage insurance premiums. Reduces the amount of such deduction for taxpayers with adjusted gross incomes exeeding $100,000.

Authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to require informational returns from any individual who receives payment of more than $600 in mortgage insurance premiums.
Oglala Sioux Tribe Angostura Irrigation Project Modernization and Development Act - Title I: Modernization - Requires the Secretary of the Interior to: (1) carry out the modernization and improvement of irrigation facilities at the Angostura Unit as described in a specified report; and (2) provide for the delivery of water saved through such modernization and improvement for fish and wildlife purposes and environmental restoration on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, South Dakota.

Title II: Development - (Sec. 201) Establishes the Oglala Sioux Tribal Development Trust Fund in the Treasury. Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to make specified deposits into the Fund and payments from it to the Tribe beginning in the 11th fiscal year after enactment of this Act.

Requires the governing body of the Tribe to prepare a development plan that provides for the manner in which the Tribe shall expend such payments to promote: (1) economic development; (2) infrastructure development; (3) the educational, health, recreational, and social welfare objectives of the Tribe and its members; or (4) any combination of these activities.

Requires the Tribal Council to make a copy of the plan available for review and comment by members of the Tribe before it becomes final.

Authorizes the Tribal Council to revise and update the plan on an annual basis, subject to review and comment procedures.

States that activities of the Tribe in carrying out the plan shall be audited as part of the annual single-agency audit that the Tribe is required to prepare pursuant to a specified Office of Management and Budget circular.

Requires a copy of the audit findings to be inserted into the Tribal Council's published minutes of proceedings.

Prohibits distribution of any portion of any payment to the Tribe to any member on a per capita basis.

(Sec. 202) States that no payment made to the Tribe shall result in the reduction or denial of any service or program under Federal law with respect to which: (1) the Tribe is otherwise entitled because of its status as a federally recognized Indian tribe; or (2) any individual is entitled because of his or her status as a member of the Tribe.

(Sec. 204) States that nothing in this Act: (1) affects any rights, benefits, privileges or claims (including water rights or claims to water rights) of the Tribe, whether located on or off the Reservation, based on treaty, Executive order, agreement, Act of Congress, aboriginal title, the Winters doctrine, or otherwise; (2) validates or invalidates any assertion of the existence, nonexistence, or extinguishment of any water rights or claims to such rights held by the Tribe or any other Indian tribe or individual Indian under Federal or State law; or (3) affects any other water rights in existence on the date of enactment of this Act.
Early Pell Promise Act This bill amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to authorize the Department of Education to carry out a program of grants to state educational agencies (SEAs) under which a student who is in eighth grade and is eligible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act may be provided a commitment to receive a Federal Pell Grant early in the student's academic career. Pursuant to such a commitment, the student receives a Pell Grant during the first two years of attendance at an institution of higher education (IHE) as an undergraduate if the student:  files the FAFSA form during the senior year of secondary school and the succeeding year, and enrolls at the IHE not later than three years after receiving a secondary school diploma or after release from the Armed Forces.  A student may not receive the early Pell Grant for a succeeding year if the expected family contribution for either year is more than twice the threshold amount for Pell Grant eligibility for that year. Funds are reserved for an independent evaluation of the program's impact. In order to participate in the program, an SEA must develop a targeted information campaign and include in the plan for that campaign cost data disaggregated by institution type and information on both state and federal financial aid. 
Capitol Visitor Center Authorization Act of 1997 - Authorizes the Architect of the Capitol (AOC), under the direction of the U.S. Capitol Preservation Commission (Commission), to:  (1) plan, construct, furnish and equip the Capitol Visitor Center (Center) under the East Plaza of the Capitol; and (2) reconstruct the East Plaza and its environs to enhance its attractiveness, safety, and security. 
Requires the design of the Center to be substantially in accordance with the Final Design Report dated November 10, 1995, submitted by the AOC to specified congressional committees. Specifies entities responsible for Center exhibits, security systems, and management.      Directs the Commission to:  (1) establish a special committee to implement and oversee the Center project; and (2) develop and submit to specified congressional committees a detailed plan for financing the project at the lowest net cost to the Government.  Establishes in the Treasury the United States Capitol Visitor Center Revolving Fund for the collection of deposits received under the financing plan.  Directs the Capitol Police Board to study and report to specified congressional committees on the security cost savings and other cost benefits associated with the construction and operation of the Center. 
Authorizes the AOC to establish competitive procedures for work to carry out the project by the use of prequalification standards, and to award contracts on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price.  States that such procedures and contract awards shall be final and conclusive upon all officers of the Government. 
Directs the Capitol Visitor Center Board to:  (1) establish Center operations, tour, exhibit, and education policies; and (2) establish and operate the Capitol Visitor Center Gift Shop. 
Amends the Arizona-Idaho Conservation Act of 1988 to:  (1) direct the Commission to carry out functions assigned under this Act; (2) provide increased Commission staff support from specified congressional offices; (3) authorize the Commission to delegate any of its functions to one or more special committees as long as membership of such committees is drawn equally from both Houses of Congress; and (4) provide fund transfer authority.  Renames the Capitol Guide Board the Capitol Visitor Board. 
Repeals provisions of title III of the National Visitor Center Facilities Act of 1968 to the extent that such provisions are inconsistent with the provisions of this Act.
Keep America Healthy Act of 2005 - Amends title XIX (Medicaid) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to make a new optional Medicaid eligibility group for individuals between ages 21 and 65 whose family income does not exceed a State-specified percentage up to 200 percent of the applicable poverty line. Authorizes the State also to require the individual's resources not to exceed whatever level the State may establish, so long as it is not more restrictive than the requirements of SSA title XVI (Supplemental Security Income). Provides for the application to such new group of the enhanced Federal medical assistance percentage dtermined under SSA title XXI (State Children's Health Insurance Program) (SCHIP).

Amends SSA title XI to provide for an increase in the Medicaid payment limit for territories to accommodate expanded coverage for residents of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands.
 Prevent All Soring Tactics Act of 2015 or the PAST Act  This bill amends the Horse Protection Act to establish a new system for inspecting horses for soring, revise penalties for violations of the Act, and modify enforcement procedures. The soring of horses is any of various actions taken on a horse's limb to produce a higher gait that may cause pain, distress, inflammation, or lameness. The Department of Agriculture (USDA) must establish requirements to license, train, assign, and oversee persons hired by the management of horse shows, exhibitions, sales, or auctions to detect and diagnose sore horses. A license may not be issued to a person with conflicts of interest, and USDA must give preference to veterinarians. USDA may revoke a license for unsatisfactory performance. USDA must assign licensed inspectors after receiving notice that management intends to hire the inspectors. An inspector must issue a citation for violations and notify USDA of violations. USDA must publish information on violations of this bill and disqualify a horse that is sore.  The bill prohibits a person in any horse show, exhibition, sale, or auction from causing or directing a horse to become sore for the purpose of showing, exhibiting, selling, or auctioning the horse. The bill prohibits the use of specified devices on a Tennessee Walking, a Racking, or a Spotted Saddle horse at a show, exhibition, sale, or auction.  The bill increases the maximum criminal and civil liability penalties for certain violations. USDA may disqualify violators from specified activities related to horse shows, exhibitions, sales, and auctions. 
Baseline Reform Act of 1994 - Amends the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act) to declare that the estimated budget outlays submitted to the Congress by the President each year shall not include an inflation adjustment for programs and activities subject to discretionary appropriations. 
Requires the President's budget to include:  (1) estimated expenditures and appropriations for the current year; and (2) a certain comparison of levels of estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations that includes the proposed increase or decrease in spending in percentage terms. 
Amends the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to make conforming changes to the development of the concurrent resolution on the budget. Declares that:  (1) the starting point for any deliberations in the Committee on the Budget of each House on the budget resolution for the next fiscal year shall be the estimated level of outlays for the current year in each function and subfunction; and (2) any increases or decreases in the congressional budget for the next fiscal year shall be from such estimated levels. 
Requires the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) to include in reports to budget committees certain current year comparisons and a table on sources of spending growth under current law in total mandatory spending for the budget year and the ensuing four fiscal years. 
Requires the CBO to include in cost estimates of pending legislation a comparison of prior year spending levels to current year levels. 
Requires the Comptroller General to report annually to the Congress all programs and activities with permanent appropriations or that fall within a specified definition of spending authority.
Child Tax Credit Improvement Act  This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code, with respect to the child tax credit, to: (1) increase the amount of such credit for children who have not attained age 6 by the close of the taxable year, (2) modify the limitation on such credit based upon taxpayer adjusted gross income and the age of the qualifying child, (3) increase the refundable portion of such credit for children under age 6, and (4) allow an inflation adjustment to the $1,000 credit amount beginning after 2015.
Amends the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to replace provisions regarding the rescission of budget authority with those authorizing the President to propose the rescission of any budget authority provided in an appropriation Act or repeal of any targeted tax benefit provided in any revenue Act. 
Authorizes the President to transmit a draft bill to the Congress with such a proposal that clearly identifies the budget authority proposed to be rescinded or the targeted tax benefit to be repealed. Includes within such bill a Deficit Reduction Account.  Permits the President to place in the Account an amount not to exceed total rescissions in the bill. 
Establishes expedited procedures in the Senate and the House of Representatives for consideration of such bill. 
Makes any amount of budget authority proposed to be rescinded available for obligation on the day after the date either House rejects such bill.  Deems any targeted tax benefit proposed for repeal to be repealed unless either House rejects such bill during a prescribed time frame.
Amends FECA to make it unlawful, except with the separate, prior, written, voluntary authorization of each individual, for: (1) national banks or corporations to collect from or assess its stockholders or employees any dues, initiation fee, or other payment as a condition of employment if any part of such dues, fee, or payment will be used for political activities in which the national bank or corporation is engaged; and (2) labor organizations to collect from or assess its members or nonmembers any dues, fee, or other payment if any part of such dues, fee, or payment will be used for political activities in which the labor organization is engaged.
States that an authorization shall remain in effect until revoked and may be revoked at any time. Requires each entity collecting from or assessing amounts from an individual with an authorization in effect to provide the individual with a statement that the individual may at any time revoke the authorization.
Amends FECA to: (1) prohibit an authorized committee of a candidate for Federal office from accepting any contribution from an authorized committee of another candidate for Federal office except with regard to the transfer of funds between an authorized committee of a candidate for Federal office and an authorized committee of the same candidate for another Federal office; and (2) require the FEC to obtain and provide for the computer software required to carry out electronic filings under FECA.
Domestic Violence Community Response Team Act of 1995 - Prescribes guidelines under which the Secretary of Health and Human Services is authorized to award:  (1) grants of up to $500,000 each for community response teams to help prevent domestic violence; and (2) award a contract to an eligible entity to serve as a technical assistance center. 
(Sec. 5) Authorizes appropriations. 
Reduces appropriations authorized for the Energy Information Administration.  Directs the Secretary of Energy to report to the Congress whether it would be practicable for the Administration to provide for some or all its funding by imposing a charge for services or materials that it provides to the public.
Amends the Federal judicial code to establish two judicial districts in New Jersey (currently, one), the Northern and Southern Districts of New Jersey. Sets forth provisions regarding the allocation of judgeships, including bankruptcy judgeships, among those districts.Provides for the transfer of district judges, bankruptcy judges, and magistrate judges to the Northern and Southern Districts of New Jersey.Transfers U.S. attorneys, U.S. marshals, and Federal public defenders for the District of New Jersey to the Northern District of New Jersey. Directs the President to appoint, by and with the advice of the Senate, a U.S. attorney and a U.S. marshal for the Southern District of New Jersey.Specifies that neither pending cases nor juries shall be affected.
Dam Rehabilitation and Repair Act of 2007 - Amends the National Dam Safety Program Act to require the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to establish a program to provide grant assistance to states for use in rehabilitating publicly-owned dams that fail to meet minimum safety standards and pose an unacceptable risk to the public (deficient dams).

Sets forth provisions regarding procedures for grant awards and fund allocation. Requires: (1) states receiving grants under this Act to comply with standards applicable to financial contributions for emergency preparedness purposes under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act; and (2) FEMA to develop a risk-based priority system for identifying deficient dams for which such grants may be made. Limits the federal share of rehabilitation costs to 65%. Authorizes appropriations.
Skilled Workforce Enhancement Act of 2001 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide small employers with a highly skilled trades training credit.
Requires the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate to make arrangements for the award of a congressional gold medal to the Army's 100th Infantry Battalion and 442nd Regimental Combat Team, collectively, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II.

Requires the Medal to be displayed at the Smithsonian Institution (Smithsonian) after its award. Expresses the sense of Congress that the Smithsonian should make the medal available for display elsewhere, particularly at locations associated with such Battalion and Combat Team.

Authorizes appropriations.
Madera Water Supply Enhancement Act - Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Commissioner of the Bureau of Reclamation, to study and report to Congress on the feasibility of constructing the Madera Water Supply and Enhancement Project. Limits the federal share of the cost of the study to 50%.

Requires all planning, design, and construction of the Project to be undertaken in accordance with a cooperative agreement between the Secretary and the Madera Irrigation District, California.

Authorizes the Secretary, upon determining that the Project is feasible, to enter into a cooperative agreement through the Bureau with the District for the support of the design and construction of the Project. Limits the federal share of the capital costs of the Project to 25%. Directs the Secretary, before obligating funds, to work cooperatively to use plans, designs, and engineering and environmental analyses that have already been prepared by the District for the Project.

Terminates the Secretary's authority to carry out this Act 10 years after its enactment.
Historic Tax Credit Improvement Act of 2015  This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code, with respect to the tax credit for the rehabilitation of buildings and historic structures, to: (1) allow an increased 30% credit, up to $750,000, for projects with rehabilitation expenditures not exceeding $3.75 million, for which no credit was allowed in either of the two immediately preceding taxable years (small projects); (2) allow the transfer of tax credit amounts for small projects; (3) treat a building as substantially rehabilitated if rehabilitation expenditures exceed the greater of 50% of the adjusted basis of the building or $5,000 (currently, the greater of the adjusted basis of the building or $5,000); (4) exempt from tax the proceeds of a state historic tax; and (5) limit the application of disqualified lease rules to tax-exempt use property.
Arctic Marine Shipping Assessment Implementation Act of 2010 - Encourages the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to enter into negotiations through the International Maritime Organization to execute agreements to promote coordinated action among the United States, Russia, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Denmark, and other seafaring and Arctic nations to ensure in the Arctic: (1) placement and maintenance of aids to navigation; (2) appropriate marine safety, tug, and salvage capabilities; (3) oil spill prevention and response capability; (4) maritime domain awareness, including long-range vessel tracking; and (5) search and rescue.

Directs the Committee on the Maritime Transportation System to coordinate the establishment of domestic transportation policies in the Arctic necessary to carry out this Act.

Authorizes the Secretary to enter into cooperative agreements, contracts, or other agreements with, or make grants to, individuals and governments to carry out this Act or any agreements.

Directs the Secretary to promote safe commercial maritime navigation by means of icebreaking where needed.

Authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to enter into agreements or contracts with or make grants to: (1) individuals to conduct demonstration projects to reduce emissions or discharges from vessels operating in the Arctic; as well as (2) maritime training institutions to train mariners for ice navigation and Artic operations, including the prevention of discharges.

Directs the Commandant of the Coast Guard to analyze: (1) the costs and benefits of extending the service life of the existing fleet of icebreakers or of constructing new icebreakers for the Coast Guard; and (2) the impact on the U.S. ice-breaking mission and ability to maintain a presence in the Artic regions through 2020 if recapitalization of the icebreaker fleet is not fully funded.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) report to specified congressional committees on the results of the ongoing High Latitude Study to assess Arctic ice-breaking mission requirements; and (2) assess, and report to Congress on, the need for additional Coast Guard prevention and response capability in the high latitude regions.
Teen Pregnancy Prevention, Responsibility, and Opportunity Act of 2006 - Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to local educational agencies, state and local public health agencies, and nonprofit private entities for projects to provide education on preventing teen pregnancies. Gives priority to communities with significantly above averages rates of teen pregnancy. Requires the Secretary to establish criteria to evaluate such projects.

Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to increase authorized appropriations for community learning centers. Authorizes appropriations for physical education programs.

Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to reauthorize appropriations for TRIO and GEARUP programs.

Authorizes the Secretary to make matching grants to public or nonprofit private entities for demonstrating innovative approaches to prevent teen pregnancies.
Southwest Bridge Research Center Establishment Act of 2003 - Amends Federal transportation law to direct the Secretary of Transportation, in addition to grants that university transportation centers receive under the Act, to provide grants to New Mexico State University, in collaboration with the Oklahoma Transportation Center, to establish a university transportation center known as the Southwest Bridge Research Center. Declares that the purpose of the Center is to contribute at a national level to a systems approach to improving the overall performance of bridges. Sets forth certain grant requirements.
Allows employers to require that intermittent leave be taken in increments of up to half a work day.
Requires employees to: (1) request leave be designated as FMLA leave; (2) provide written application within five working days of providing notice to the employer for foreseeable leave; and (3) with respect to unforeseeable leave, to provide, at a minimum, verbal notification of the need for the leave not later than the time the leave commences, unless the employee is physically or mentally incapable of providing notice or submitting the application.
Permits employers to require employees to choose between taking unpaid leave provided by the FMLA or paid absence under an employer's collective bargaining agreement or other sick leave, sick pay, or disability plan, program, or policy of the employer.
Directs the Secretary of Labor to review all existing regulations for implementing FMLA, and to issue new regulations revised to reflect the amendments made by this Act.
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Permanence Act of 2017 This bill directs the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to establish a Community Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Matching Grant Program to provide matching funds for the development, expansion, or continuation of tax preparation programs to assist low-income taxpayers and members of underserved populations.  Unless otherwise provided by a specific appropriation, the IRS may not allocate more than $30 million per fiscal year (exclusive of costs of administering the program) for the program. 
COPS Improvements Act of 2011 - Amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to modify the public safety and community policing grant program (COPS ON THE BEAT grant program) to: (1) establish within the Department of Justice (DOJ), under the general authority of the Attorney General, the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services to be headed by a Director; and (2) authorize the Attorney General to carry out more than one such program.

Repeals provisions authorizing: (1) the Attorney General to give preferential consideration to applications for hiring and rehiring additional career law enforcement officers that involve a non-federal contribution exceeding a 25% minimum; and (2) the use of such grants to develop and implement either innovative programs to permit members of the community to assist state, tribal, and local law enforcement agencies in the prevention of crime in the community or new administrative and managerial systems to facilitate the adoption of community-oriented policing as an organization-wide philosophy.

Authorizes the use of such grants to: (1) hire school resource officers and establish local partnerships to combat crime, gangs, drug activities, and other problems in elementary and secondary schools; (2) establish and implement innovative programs to reduce and prevent illegal drug manufacturing, distribution, and use; (3) meet emerging law enforcement needs; (4) hire former members of the Armed Forces to serve as career law enforcement officers for deployment in community-oriented policing; (5) pay for additional community prosecuting programs to handle cases from specific geographic areas and to address counter-terrorism problems and violent crime in local communities; and (6) develop new technologies to assist state and local law enforcement agencies in crime prevention and training.

Directs the Attorney General to ensure that the same percentage of the total number of eligible applicants in each state receive a grant.

Authorizes the Attorney General to extend grant periods and to renew grants if the grant recipient can demonstrate significant progress in achieving the objectives of the initial grant application.

Includes officers for the Amtrak Police Department within the definition of "career law enforcement officer" for purposes of such grant program.

Increases and extends the authorization of appropriations for the program for FY2012-FY2017.
Directs the Secretary of Commerce to determine the levels of exports of U.S. goods to North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) parties and imports into the United States of goods from NAFTA parties, and the number of jobs that have resulted from increased exports of goods to NAFTA parties, and the loss of jobs that have resulted from increased imports into the United States of goods from NAFTA parties since January 1, 1994.Directs the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate whether pollution and health hazards in the United States have worsened since January 1, 1994, to the extent that may be attributable to NAFTA, and specifically in and around the U.S.-Mexico and the U.S.-Canada borders.Directs the President to certify annually to Congress whether or not each NAFTA country is meeting certain commitments made with respect to: (1) environmental protection in the North American Agreement on Environmental Cooperation; and (2) workers' rights in the North American Agreement on Labor Cooperation.
Routine HIV Screening Coverage Act of 2012 - Amends the Public Health Service Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), and the Internal Revenue Code to require group health plans and health insurance issuers offering group or individual health insurance coverage to provide coverage for routine HIV screening under terms and conditions no less favorable than for other routine preventive health services. Prohibits such a plan from taking specified actions to avoid the requirements of this Act.

Requires inclusion of a notice of such screening coverage in the uniform summary of benefits and coverage explanation provided by the group health plan or health insurance issuer.

Defines "routine HIV screening" as having the meaning given the term by the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) after consultation with the the Office of National AIDS Policy, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), health care professionals, and other qualified individuals.

Applies requirements of this Act to health insurance coverage offered under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program.
Detectives Nemorin and Andrews Anti-Gun Trafficking Act of 2003 - Amends the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to prohibit the sale, transfer, or barter of two or more firearms, at least two of which are handguns, semiautomatic assault weapons, short-barreled shotguns, short-barreled rifles, or machine-guns, where at least one of the firearms: (1) is stolen or has had the importer's or manufacturer's serial number removed, obliterated, or altered; or (2) is offered by the person for sale, transfer, or barter to another person who is prohibited from owning a firearm, is under age 18, is in a school zone, or has travelled from another State and attempts to acquire the firearm in violation of law.

Amends the 21st Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act to: (1) direct that illegal gun trafficking be addressed as part of Project Safe Neighborhoods; and (2) extend through FY 2004 the authorization for hiring additional Assistant U.S. Attorneys.

Requires the Attorney General to report to Congress on traced firearms used in crimes, the Federal licensees who had more than 50 firearms traced to them in a year, and on prosecutions for individual firarms transaction offenses.

Directs the Federal Bureau of Investigation to: (1) make available to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives the National Crime Information Center Gun File to complete a crime gun trace; and (2) allow all Federal firarms licensees enrolled in the National Instant Criminal Background Check System to search the File with respect to any firearm the licensee receives from any person not licensed.

Sets forth additional penalties for possession, sale, or use of a stolen firearm (regardless of whether the person was aware that it was stolen) or a firearm with an obliterated serial number in the commission of a crime punishable by inprisonment for more than one year or a crime of violence.
Great Lakes Nutrient Removal Assistance Act - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (commonly known as the Clean Water Act) to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to establish a program to provide grants to Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin and municipalities in such states to upgrade eligible municipal wastewater treatment plants with nutrient removal technologies. Requires the Administrator to give priority to plants at which nutrient removal technology upgrades would: (1) produce the greatest nutrient load reductions at points of discharge, (2) result in the greatest environmental benefits to the Great Lakes System, and (3) help meet the objectives related to nutrients outlined in Annex four of the 2012 Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. Defines as &quot;eligible&quot; a plant that: (1) has a permitted design capacity to treat an annual average of at least 500,000 gallons of wastewater per day, and (2) is located within the Great Lakes System in any of such states. Prohibits the federal share from exceeding 55% of the total cost of upgrading such plants.
Access to Medical Treatment Act - Permits any individual to be treated by a health care practitioner with any medical treatment that the individual desires (including a treatment that is not approved, certified, or licensed by the Secretary of Health and Human Services) if:  (1) the practitioner agrees to treat the individual; and (2) the administration of such treatment does not violate licensing laws. 
Authorizes health care practitioners to provide any method of treatment to such an individual if certain requirements are met. 
Requires a practitioner to report:  (1) administering such treatment and discovering it to be a danger to an individual; and (2) the positive effects of an unconventional medical treatment for a life-threatening medical condition.
Recognize, Assist, Include, Support, and Engage Family Caregivers Act of 2015 or the RAISE Family Caregivers Act (Sec. 3) This bill directs the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to develop, maintain, and periodically update a National Family Caregiving Strategy. (Sec. 4) HHS shall convene a Family Caregiving Advisory Council to advise it on recognizing and supporting family caregivers. (Sec. 5) This Act shall terminate on December 31, 2025.
Keeping America's Food Safe Act of 2008 - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require: (1) certification of any food safety laboratory or a sampling service that is analyzing, testing, or collecting samples of imported food; and (2) such laboratories or services to submit to the Secretary of Health and Human Services the results of all tests conducted on behalf of an importer.

Sets forth civil penalties for: (1) an importer that knowingly engages in the falsification of test results submitted to the Secretary; and (2) a laboratory or service that knowingly submits false test results to the Secretary.

Requires the Secretary to establish a certification program to ensure that imported food meets the food safety standards applied to food produced in the United States.

Prohibits food from being permitted entry into the United States from a foreign facility in a foreign country unless there are certifications from the facility and country.

Sets forth certification requirements for foreign countries.

Requires the Secretary to develop and maintain a website that: (1) provides information on federal food standards and best practice requirements for food preparation; (2) assists health professionals to improve their ability to diagnose and treat food-related illness and advise individuals whose health conditions place them at particular risk; and (3) promotes public awareness of food safety issues. Directs the Secretary to develop and maintain a website to provide the public with appropriate information on developing school curricula regarding food safety issues.

Establishes whistle-blower's protections.
Sunshine in the Courtroom Act of 2012 - Authorizes the presiding judge of a U.S. appellate court (including the Supreme Court) or U.S. district court to permit the photographing, electronic recording, broadcasting, or televising to the public of court proceedings over which that judge presides, except when such action would constitute a violation of the due process rights of any party.

Directs: (1) a district court, upon the request of any witness in a trial proceeding other than a party, to order the face and voice of the witness to be disguised or otherwise obscured to render the witness unrecognizable to the broadcast audience of the trial proceeding; and (2) the presiding judge in a trial proceeding to inform each witness who is not a party of the right to make such request.

Authorizes the Judicial Conference to promulgate mandatory guidelines with respect to the management and administration of photographing, recording, broadcasting, or televising described in this Act.

Terminates a district court's authority under this Act two years after enactment of this Act.
Southern Utah Open OHV Areas Act This bill directs the Department of the Interior to convey specified land owned and managed by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) in Washington County, Utah, to the state of Utah in exchange for specified state lands.   Upon the conveyance of the nonfederal land to Interior, such land shall be used only: (1) as an open riding area for the use of off-highway vehicles; or (2) for any other public purpose consistent with uses allowed under the Recreation and Public Purposes Act. Interior shall convey, without consideration, specified Open OHV Areas managed by the BLM to Washington County.  Interior shall convey to the county, without consideration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the (Open OHV Areas) land managed by the BLM and identified as Hurricane Sand Dunes (NRA).  Such conveyed land shall be used only as: (1) an open riding area for the use of off-highway vehicles, or (2) for any other public purpose consistent with uses allowed under the Recreation and Public Purposes Act.
Labor Recruiter Accountability Act of 2003 - Requires foreign labor contractors (recruiters) and employers to accurately inform foreign workers of specified terms and conditions of their employment at the time they are recruited. Requires such information to be provided in written form in English or, as necessary and reasonable, in the language of the worker being recruited.

Prohibits charging fees to workers for recruitment.

Requires employers to pay such a worker's transportation costs, including subsistence costs during the period of travel: (1) from the place of recruitment to the place of employment; and (2) from the place of employment to the worker's place of permanent residence.

 Requires employers to notify the Secretary of Labor of the identity of: (1) any recruiter involved in any foreign labor contractor activity for or on behalf of the employer; and (2) any such recruiter whose activities do not comply with this Act. Subjects employers to the civil remedies of this Act for violations committed by such recruiters to the same extent as if the employers had committed the violations. Directs the Secretary to: (1) maintain a public list of recruiters whom the Secretary knows or believes have been involved in violations of this Act; and (2) provide a procedure for removal of a recruiter's name from the list upon demonstration that such recruiter has not been in violation in the previous five years.

Provides for criminal fines and imprisonment for knowing violations. Authorizes the Secretary to: (1) assess civil fines; and (2) seek injunctive relief and specific performance of contractual obligations to assure employer compliance.

Provides that rights and remedies under this Act are in addition to any other contractual or statutory rights and remedies of workers who are subject to foreign labor contracting activity.
Competitive Service Act of 2015  Authorizes an appointing authority (i.e., a federal agency appointing an individual to a position in the competitive service), other than the appointing authority that requested the certificate of eligibles for filling a position in the competitive service, to select an individual from that certificate for appointment to a position that is: (1) in the same occupational series as the position for which the certificate of eligibles was issued, and (2) at a similar grade level as the original position. Sets forth requirements relating to the sharing of certificates, notice, and selection of job applicants. 
Fifth Amendment Integrity Restoration Act of 2015 or the FAIR Act  This bill modifies general rules governing civil forfeiture proceedings to: (1) ensure that a person contesting a civil forfeiture has legal representation without regard to whether the property subject to forfeiture is being used by such person as a primary residence; (2) increase the federal government's burden of proof in civil forfeiture proceedings to clear and convincing evidence; (3) require the government, in addition to showing a substantial connection between the seized property and an offense, to establish by clear and convincing evidence that the owner of any interest in the seized property used the property with intent to facilitate the offense or knowingly consented or was willfully blind to the use of the property by another in connection with the offense; and (4) expand the proportionality criteria used by a court to determine whether a civil forfeiture was constitutionally excessive.  To remove incentives for carrying out civil forfeitures, the bill requires proceeds from the disposition of seized property to be deposited into the General Fund of the Treasury, rather than to Department of Justice accounts for law enforcement activities.  The bill adds a scienter requirement (i.e., a knowing violation) to the prohibition against structuring financial transactions to evade reporting requirements. The bill requires: (1) a court to conduct a probable cause hearing to determine if there is a violation of the prohibition against structuring transactions to evade reporting requirements involving a monetary instrument and to return such instrument if probable cause is not established, and (2) the Attorney General to specify in reports to Congress and the public on forfeitures the amounts received from criminal and civil forfeitures.
Brownfield Cleanup and Redevelopment Act - Directs the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to:  (1) establish certification criteria for State voluntary cleanup programs at eligible facilities; and (2) certify qualified States to carry out cleanup programs at eligible facilities in lieu of any Federal program that addresses the cleanup under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 or the Solid Waste Disposal Act. 
Defines "eligible facility" as a facility that is determined by a State to have environmental contamination that:  (1) could prevent the timely use, development, or reuse; and (2) is limited in scope and can be readily evaluated. 
Requires the Administrator to ensure that State programs continue to meet the terms of certification by conducting biennial audits.  Sets procedures for withdrawal of certification where deficiencies are not resolved. 
Directs the Administrator to require a State program, to be certified, to provide:  (1) that only eligible facilities may paraticipate; (2) adequate opportunities for public participation in the development and implementation of cleanup plans; (3) technical assistance throughout each voluntary cleanup; (4) adequate oversight and enforcement authority to ensure that the voluntary cleanups comply with Federal and State laws; and (5) for State certification to the owner or prospective purchaser of an eligible facility that the cleanup is complete. 
Prohibits requiring a Federal, State, or local permit for any cleanup conducted under and in compliance with a certified State voluntary cleanup program.
America Rx Act of 2005 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish the America Rx program to provide U.S. residents who are not covered under any public or private program that provides substantial benefits towards the purchase of outpatient prescription drugs with access to discounted prices for such drugs.

Requires the Secretary to negotiate rebate agreements with drug manufacturers and deny tax deductions for advertising and marketing of drugs of manufacturers choosing not to participate in the program.

Provides for arrangements under the program: (1) for pharmacies to provide qualified residents prescription drugs at discounted prices in exchange for discount reimbursement by the Secretary and reasonable dispensing fees; and (2) for States to provide for program administration in return for payment of reasonable administrative expenses.
Speak Up to Protect Every Abused Kid Act   This bill amends the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to direct the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to make grants to eligible entities to carry out educational campaigns and provide evidence-based or evidence-informed training regarding state laws for mandatory reporting of incidents of child abuse or neglect. A state plan under a grant program for child abuse or neglect prevention and treatment shall contain specified assurances about:  mandatory reporting of suspected or known incidents of child abuse or neglect to state child protective services agencies or law enforcement agencies; procedures to ensure coordination with law enforcement and state or community-based victims' services agencies to ensure that child abuse victims are referred for appropriate follow-up services; primary state responsibility to accept and investigate reports of known and suspected child abuse or neglect for an incident that occurred in the state, even if the child or alleged perpetrator resides in a different state; and established state procedures to screen for domestic violence in the course of investigating child abuse.   The bill specifies those individuals and professionals who are required to report suspected or known incidents of child abuse or neglect. HHS shall collect information on state laws for mandatory reporting of incidents of child abuse or neglect in order to assess the implementation of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act.
Establishes a Public Debt Reduction Trust Fund for the deposit of designated amounts. Makes amounts in such Trust Fund available only to pay at maturity, or to redeem or buy before maturity, any obligation of the Federal Government included in the public debt (other than an obligation of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund, the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund, or the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund). Prohibits the reissuance of any obligation which is paid, redeemed, or bought with amounts from the Trust Fund.
Amends the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act) to provide for the sequestration of amounts designated to the Trust Fund. Specifies accounts exempt from such sequestration. Includes aggregated amounts designated to the Trust Fund and amounts sequestered to reduce the public debt in sequestration preview and final reports.
Corporate Accountability Tax Gap Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide for public disclosure of certain information of publicly traded corporations, including: (1) net corporate income tax and taxable income as shown on the corporation's current year tax return; (2) adjusted book income; and (3) differences between taxable income and adjusted book income due to certain transactions, depreciation differences, stock options, and other factors. Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to conduct a study of corporate tax shelter activity.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Commemorative Coin Act of 2001 - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue one-dollar silver coins emblematic of the human rights legacy and leadership of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Liberian Refugee Immigration Fairness Act of 2001 - Provides for the permanent resident status adjustment of certain Liberian nationals.
Roadless Area Conservation Act of 2007 - Prohibits road construction and road reconstruction in inventoried roadless areas of the National Forest System. Specifies exceptions, including because: (1) there is threat of a catastrophic event; (2) a natural resource restoration action is necessary; or (3) a federal-aid highway project is in the public interest or is consistent with the purposes for which the land was reserved or acquired.

 Prohibits timber from being cut, sold, or removed in an inventoried roadless area. Permits various exceptions, including for specified environmental reasons, if the responsible official determines that the cutting, sale, or removal of timber is expected to be infrequent.

Authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, to make modifications to roadless area maps to improve their accuracy or inclusiveness. Instructs the Secretary, in order to evaluate the effect of a modification to a roadless area map, to prepare an environmental impact statement or similar analysis required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969.

Declares that this Act does not: (1) revoke, suspend, or modify legal instruments and decisions concerning the use of NFS land made before January 12, 2001; (2) compel the amendment or revision of any land and resource management plan; or (3) apply to specified activities in the Tongass National Forest.

States that the prohibitions and restrictions of this Act cannot be reconsidered, modified, or terminated under the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974.
Bonneville Power Administration Appropriations Refinancing Act - Amends the Federal Columbia River Transmission System Act to prescribe guidelines under which the Administrator of the Bonneville Power Administration (BPA) is directed to refinance a certain appropriated debt by determining with the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury: (1) a new principal amount for such debt; (2) a new interest rate for such debt based on the Treasury rate for the old capital investment; and (3) a $100 million limit on prepayments of old capital investments before a certain date. 
Prescribes guidelines for interest rates for new capital investments. 
Amends the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation Grand Coulee Dam Settlement Act to appropriate specified amounts to the Administrator in certain fiscal years so long as the Administrator makes annual payments to the Tribes under a certain settlement agreement. 
Directs the Administrator to offer to include provisions in future electric power service contracts that preclude further increases in the principal amount or interest rate obligations to the Government.
.  National Strategy for Combating Terrorist, Underground, and Other Illicit Financing Act  (Sec. 3) This bill directs the President, acting through the Department of the Treasury, to develop a national strategy for combating the financing of terrorism and related forms of illicit finance.  (Sec. 4) The national strategy shall focus upon selected aspects, including: (1) threats, goals, objectives, and priorities; (2) coordination with domestic and international governmental entities; (3) the role of the private financial sector in prevention of illicit finance; (4) project and budget priorities; (5) the use and role of Treasury attaches; (6) illicit finance and cyber crime; and (7) technology. 
Family Life Education Act - Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to States for family life education, including abstinence and contraception.Expresses the sense of Congress that States should, but need not, provide matching funds.Requires the Secretary to provide for national evaluation of a representative sample of such programs for effectiveness in changing adolescent sexual behavior, including the delay of sexual and high-risk activity, the prevention of pregnancy and disease (including HIV/AIDS), and the increase of contraceptive knowledge.
Preserving Patient Access to Physicians Act of 2002 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act, with respect to the Medicare physician payment update system, to: (1) specify the update to the single conversion factor for 2003; (2) prescribe an update for years beginning with 2004; (3) direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish an index that reflects the weighted-average input prices for physicians' services for a year; and (4) require the Secretary to estimate annually a productivity adjustment factor reflecting estimated growth in multifactor productivity attributable to both labor and nonlabor factors. (Thus eliminates the sustainable growth rate (SGR) payment update system).
No Health Care Subsidies for Illegal Aliens Act of 2011 - Amends the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) to revise the procedures for determining eligibility for participation in a state health care insurance exchange (Exchange), with respect to citizenship or immigration status, to: (1) require an applicant for enrollment in a qualified health plan (enrollee)to appear in person at an Exchange andsubmit a sworn statement, under penalty of perjury, that the enrollee is a citizen or national of the United States or an eligible alien; (2) expand the documentary evidence that enrollees must submit for purposes of verifying eligibility; (3) require Exchanges (currently, the Secretary of Health and Human Services [HHS]) to verify citizenship or immigration status of enrollees based on satisfactory documentary evidence; (4) eliminate the authority of the Secretary to modify the methods used to verify enrollee eligibility; and (5) eliminate provisions authorizing the Secretary to verify the accuracy of submitted information. Applies this Act as if included in the enactment of PPACA.
National Trails System Willing Seller Act - Amends the National Trails System Act to: (1) prohibit the federal acquisition of land and interest in land outside the exterior boundaries of any federally administered area, except with the owner's consent, for the Oregon, Mormon Pioneer, Lewis and Clark, and Nez Perce National Historic Trails and the Continental Divide, North Country, Ice Age, and Potomac Heritage National Scenic Trails; and (2) provide that federal authority to acquire fee title shall be limited to an average of not more than one-quarter mile on either side of the Oregon, Mormon Pioneer, Continental Divide, Lewis and Clark, and Nez Perce trails.

Authorizes appropriations to implement the provisions of the Act relating to trails designated by the Act as national scenic or historic trails. Limits funding for the acquisition of land or interests for, or for the development of, the Natchez Trace National Scenic Trail.

 Instructs the administering agency for the Natchez Trace National Scenic Trail to encourage volunteer trail groups' participation in the development of such Trail.
Military Education Enhancement Opportunities Act of 2006 - Allows certain active duty members of the Armed Forces to elect to receive basic educational assistance benefits.
Receiving Electronic Statements To Improve Retiree Earnings Act This bill amends the&nbsp;Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and the Internal Revenue Code&nbsp;to authorize a document of any type that is required or permitted to be furnished to a retirement plan participant, beneficiary, or other individual to be furnished in electronic form if: (1) the system for furnishing such a document is designed to result in effective access to the document; (2) an annual paper notice is provided to each pension plan participant, beneficiary, or other individual that describes the selection of the specific electronic means&nbsp;for the furnishing of such document; and (3) the electronically-furnished document is prepared and furnished in an appropriate style and format and includes a notice that apprises the recipient of the significance of the document. 
Tenth Amendment Enforcement Act of 1996 - Requires that, on or after January 1, 1997, any statute enacted by the Congress must include specified findings and declarations about the Constitutional authority of the Congress in enacting such statute to preempt State and local laws.  Makes it out of order for the Senate or House of Representatives to consider any legislation that does not include such declarations, unless a supermajority in either House vote otherwise. 
Amends Federal law to prohibit any executive department or agency (Federal agency) from construing any statutory authorization to issue regulations as authorizing preemption of State law or local ordinance by rule-making or other agency action, unless the statute expressly authorizes issuance of preemptive regulations and the agency concludes that the exercise of State power directly conflicts with the exercise of Federal power under the Federal statute, such that the State statutes and the Federal rule promulgated under the Federal statute cannot be reconciled or consistently stand together. 
Provides for notice and opportunity for State comment when a Federal agency proposes preemptive rule making or other agency action. 
Requires each Federal agency to publish in the Federal Register a plan for periodic review of rules and regulations preempting State or local government powers.
Improved Medical Malpractice Information Reporting and Competition Act of 2005 - Establishes the Office of Health Care Competition Policy within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) with responsibility for the National Practitioner Data Bank.

Amends the Health Care Quality Improvement Act of 1986 to require each entity that underwrites a policy of insurance for medical malpractice actions or claims to report information respecting such insurance or claims for payment under such policy. Specifies information to be reported, including: (1) direct premiums written and earned; (2) net investment income; (3) incurred claims; (4) actual incurred expenses; (5) net operation gain or loss; and (6) certain information on claims for the year, including claims paid and verdict amounts. Sets forth a civil penalty for failure to comply with this Act. Requires the Secretary of HHS to make the information reported that does not provide individually identifiable information available on the Data Bank website.
Modifies reporting and evaluation requirements.
Authorizes appropriations.
Removes provisions mandating: (1) coordination with the State lead agency and the State Interagency Coordinating Council under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; and (2) peer review as part of the grant awarding process.
Authorizes grants for the training of personnel who provide services to children and families to assist the professionals in recognizing drug and alcohol problems and to enhance their skills in identifying substance abuse and obtaining early intervention, prevention, and treatment resources.
Transparency and Honesty in Energy Regulations Act of 2016 This bill prohibits the Department of Energy and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from considering the social cost of carbon, methane, nitrous oxide, or greenhouse gas as part of any cost benefit analysis, unless a federal law is enacted authorizing such consideration. The EPA must report on the number of proposed and final rulemakings, guidance documents, and agency actions since January 2009 that use those social costs, including as part of any cost benefit analysis required under Executive Order 12866 or other relevant authority.
International Solid Waste Importation and Management Act of 2006 - Amends the Solid Waste Disposal Act to authorize states to enact laws or issue regulations or orders restricting the receipt and disposal of foreign municipal solid waste, as defined by this Act, within their borders until the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issues regulations implementing and enforcing the Agreement Concerning the Transboundary Movement of Hazardous Waste between the United States and Canada (Agreement). Declares that state actions authorized by this Act shall not be considered a burden on, or otherwise impede, interstate and foreign commerce.

Requires the Administrator to: (1) perform the functions of the Designated Authority of the United States with respect to the importation and exportation of municipal solid waste under the Agreement; (2) implement and enforce the notice and consent and other provisions of the Agreement; and (3) issue final regulations on the Administrator's responsibilities as Designated Authority of the United States.

 Requires the Administrator to give substantial weight to the views of affected states and local governments before consenting to the importation of foreign municipal solid waste into the United States under the Agreement, and to consider the impact of such importation on: (1) the continued public support for state and local recycling programs; (2) landfill capacities; (3) air emissions and road deterioration from increased vehicular traffic; and (4) homeland security, public health, and the environment.

Makes it unlawful for any person to import, transport, or export municipal solid waste for final disposal or for incineration in violation of the Agreement.

Authorizes the Administrator to assess civil penalties for any past or current violations of this Act or to commence a civil action in the U.S. district court. Limits the amount of such civil penalties to $25,000 per day of noncompliance for each violation. Provides for a public hearing to review any noncompliance order issued by the Administrator.
Great Lakes Federal Effectiveness Act - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to establish a Great Lakes Research Council to: (1) prepare and provide to the Congress a report that promotes coordination of Federal research activities with respect to achieving protection of the Great Lakes and assesses and makes recommendations concerning research activities needed to fulfill the goals of the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement; (2) identify topics for and participate in workshops and conferences on Great Lakes research issues; (3) make recommendations for the uniform collection of data for enhancing research and management protocols relating to the Great Lakes ecosystem; (4) make recommendations for the establishment of a multimedia data base for the ecosystem; and (5) ensure that findings and information regarding such research is disseminated in a timely manner.
Justice for Former American Hostages in Iran Act of 2015 Establishes in the Treasury the American Hostages in Iran Compensation Fund to: (1) make payments to the Americans held hostage in Iran, and to their families, who are identified as members of the proposed class in case number 1:00-CV-03110 (ESG) of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia; and (2) satisfy their claims against Iran relating to the taking of hostages and treatment of personnel of the U.S. embassy in Tehran between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981.  Imposes a surcharge, to be deposited into the Fund, of 30% on the amount of: (1) any fine or penalty imposed for a violation (committed on or after enactment of this Act) of a law or regulation penalizing any economic activity relating to Iran that is administered by the Departments of State, Treasury, Justice, Commerce, or Energy; or (2) the monetary amount of a settlement entered into by a person regarding a suspected violation of such a law or regulation.   Requires Fund payments to members of the proposed class in the following order of priority:   $10,000 for each day of captivity first to each living former hostage and then to the estate of each deceased former hostage, and $5,000 to each spouse and child of a former hostage for each day of captivity of the former hostage.   Prohibits a payment recipient from maintaining an action against Iran in any federal or state court for any claims relating to the hostage events. Waives and forever releases all existing claims against Iran for those events upon payment from the Fund to all designated recipients. Requires the State Department to submit recommendations to Congress if Fund amounts will be insufficient to pay all recipients within 444 days after enactment of this Act.
Amends the Small Business Act to authorize a Small Business Development Center in an eligible state to apply for an additional Small Business Administration grant to be used solely to provide services to assist with outreach, development, and enhancement on Indian lands of small business startups and expansions owned by Indian tribe members, Alaskan Natives, and Native Hawaiians. Defines an eligible state as one in which at least one percent of its population is comprised of such tribe members and Natives. Limits each grant to $300,000 in a fiscal year.

Requires a Small Business Development Center receiving such a grant to request the advice of tribal organizations on how best to provide assistance and where to locate satellite centers to provide it.
Comprehensive Comparative Study of Vaccinated and Unvaccinated Populations Act of 2006 - Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the National Institutes of Health, to conduct or support a comprehensive study to: (1) compare total health outcomes, including risk of autism, in vaccinated, U.S. populations with such outcomes in unvaccinated, U.S. populations; and (2) determine whether vaccines or vaccine components play a role in the development of autism spectrum or other neurological conditions.

Requires the Secretary to include in the study U.S. populations that have traditionally remained unvaccinated for religious or other reasons, members of clinical practices who choose alternative medical practices, and practitioners of anthroposophic lifestyles.
Training for Realtime Writers Act of 2005 - Directs the Secretary of Commerce to make competitive grants to eligible entities to promote training and placement of individuals, including individuals who have completed a court reporting training program, as realtime writers providing closed captioning in video programming. Sets forth priorities in making grants. Limits grants to$1.5 million for a two-year period.

Requires grantees to use amounts for purposes relating to the recruitment, training and assistance, and job placement of appropriate individuals. Allows scholarships to be provided, with a required post-education work agreement.

Directs: (1) grantees to report annually to the Secretary on uses of grant funds; and (2) the Inspector General of the Department of Commerce to conduct an annual review of the management, efficiency, and effectiveness of the grants.

Authorizes appropriations to the Secretary for FY2006-FY2009.
National Computer Recycling Act - Directs the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, after submitting to Congress a study of waste materials in used computers that may be hazardous to human health or the environment, to require assessment of a fee on the sale to an end-user of any computer, monitor, or other designated electronic devices.Requires fees collected to be used for administration of this Act and grants for: (1) collecting or processing used computers, monitors, or other devices for recycling; (2) reusing or reselling such articles; and (3) extracting and using, or selling for reuse, raw materials from such articles.Requires reports to Congress on the status of computer recycling, which shall include descriptions of fee collection and use.
Medication Therapy Management Benefits Act of 2009 - Amends part D (Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to require that the medication therapy management (MTM) services prescription drug plan (PDP) sponsors offer to targeted beneficiaries include: (1) an annual comprehensive medication review furnished person-to-person by a licensed pharmacist; (2) at least quarterly targeted medication reviews, also furnished person-to-person by a licensed pharmacist; and (3) followup interventions, person-to-person or through other interactive means, on a schedule and frequency recommended by the prescriber or a licensed pharmacist.

Increases the number of diseases and conditions for which beneficiaries may be targeted for MTM services.

Requires a PDP sponsor to identify a process, subject to approval by the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS), that allows pharmacists or other qualified providers to identify enrollees for MTM interventions where such individuals are not targeted beneficiaries or are not otherwise offered MTM services.

Requires any MTM program to offer both comprehensive and targeted medication reviews to individuals dually eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid (under SSA title XIX), regardless of whether they are MTM-targeted beneficiaries.

Requires a PDP sponsor to offer any willing pharmacy in its network the ability to provide MTM services.

Requires the PDP sponsor to reimburse pharmacists and other entities furnishing MTM services based on the resources used and the time required to provide such services.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) establish measures and standards for data collection by PDP sponsors to evaluate performance of pharmacies and other entities in furnishing MTM services; and (2) support the continued development and refinement of performance measures.

Provides pharmacies and other entities that furnish MTM services with additional incentive payments based on their performance in meeting quality measures established under this Act.
Jobs Through Environmental Safeguarding and Streamlining Act of 2011 - Revises requirements for the mandatory joint determination by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Secretary of Transportation (DOT), with respect to the eligibility for state reimbursement of the federal share of state costs for the advance acquisition of highway rights-of-way for a project eligible for surface transportation program funds, that such advanced acquisition did not influence the environmental assessment of the project, the decision to construct the project, or the selection of the project design or location. Removes the EPA Administrator from this joint determination, leaving the Secretary alone to make it.

Authorizes the Secretary to encourage states and other public authorities, where practicable, to acquire broad transportation rights-of-way that have a capacity for future expansion over a 50- to 100- year period to accommodate the state's long-range transportation needs as well as one or more transportation modes.

Allows the Secretary to modify project development procedures for any approved highway project, public transportation capital project, or multimodal project for which an environmental impact statement is prepared to encourage programmatic approaches and strategies with respect to environmental programs and permits.

Directs the Secretary to issue guidelines to assist state and local governmental entities in assuming an increased role in preparing environmental documents as well as participating in the environmental review process for a project.

Modifies the prohibition, under the surface transportation project delivery pilot program, against assignment to a state of the responsibility of the Secretary for any conformity determination under the Clean Air Act with regard to highway projects in the state. Allows the Secretary to assign a state that responsibility for an individual project.

Treats any project as a highway project if the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) is the lead agency for it. Allows the Secretary to assign a state authorities relating to the FHWA and another DOT modal administration with regard to any highway project involving such agencies.

Eliminates the limitation to Alaska, California, Ohio, Oklahoma, and Texas of state participation in the program. Allows program participation by any state meeting the selection criteria. Prescribes special rules to permit a state participating in the program on September 30, 2009, to continue in the program and not be required to submit an application.

Revises requirements for the written agreement under the pilot program between the Secretary and a state governor to include agreement to carry out the Secretary's assigned responsibilities using the best available science. Limits such an agreement to a five-year renewable term. Allows the agreement to list projects excluded from the program.

Prohibits the agreement from imposing on the state a limitation on the use of a project delivery method, if the limitation would not otherwise apply to the state. Treats as a project delivery method state authority to acquire rights-of-way and conduct final design work for a project with state funds on an at-risk basis before completion of the project's environmental review process.

Authorizes the Secretary to monitor state compliance with an agreement, instead of conducting an audit, if the state has been participating in the program pursuant to the agreement for 10 consecutive years. Requires the Secretary to commence the auditing process, however, if a state, while participating in the monitoring program, repeatedly fails to comply with all aspects of the agreement.

Repeals the termination date for the surface transportation project delivery pilot program, thus making it permanent.
Establishes the New Bedford Whaling National Historical Park in New Bedford, Massachusetts, to be administered as a unit of the national park system.  Requires expenditures to consist of:  (1) one dollar of Federal funds for each four dollars of non-Federal funds for cooperative agreements entered into under this Act; and (2) non-Federal funds matching Federal funds for visitor and interpretive facilities (other than operation and maintenance costs). 
Requires the Secretary of the Interior to submit to specified congressional committees and to implement a general management plan for the Park.  Authorizes appropriations.  Limits the amount that may be appropriated for visitor and interpretive facilities and directional and visitor orientation signage.  Prohibits the use of appropriations authorized under this Act for operation or maintenance of the Schooner Ernestina and limits the amount of Federal funds that may be used annually for interpretive and educational programs for the Schooner Ernestina pursuant to cooperative grants under this Act.
Next Steps for Haiti Act of 2009 - Authorizes the Director of Foreign Assistance, in consultation with the government of Haiti and Haitian civil society organizations, to establish the Haiti Professional Exchange Program whose purpose shall be to assign qualified Haitian Americans and others to provide technical assistance to help Haiti improve in areas vital to its growth and development, including education, energy, environment, health care, infrastructure, security, transportation, and disaster preparedness.

Requires that the Director establish an outreach program to encourage Exchange Program participation.

Sets forth Program provisions. Authorizes appropriations.

Directs the Secretary of State to implement a student loan forgiveness program for Program participants.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) move the Hope and Lifetime Learning credits from subpart A (Nonrefundable Personal Credits) to subpart C (Refundable Credits); and (2) permit the use of a future refund of such credits as collateral for short-term student loans.
Weatherization Enhancement and Local Energy Efficiency Investment and Accountability Act  This bill amends the Energy Conservation and Production Act to reauthorize the Weatherization Assistance Program for low-income persons through FY2020. The Department of Energy (DOE) must make competitive grants to qualified tax-exempt charitable organizations for energy efficiency retrofits of low-income homes. The grants may be used for single-family and multifamily housing. Contractors carrying out weatherization with funds under the bill must be selected through a competitive bidding process and be accredited as specified by this bill. In order to receive a grant, organizations must use a crew chief who is certified or accredited as required by this bill.  Beginning on October 1, 2016, DOE must ensure that: (1) each retrofit for which weatherization assistance is provided meets minimum efficiency and quality of work standards, (2) at least 10% of the dwelling units are randomly inspected by an accredited third party to ensure compliance with the standards, and (3) the standards meet or exceed the current industry standards for home performance work. The bill amends the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to reauthorize the program for state energy conservation plans through FY2020.
Otay Mountain Wilderness Act of 1998 - Designates specified public lands in the California Desert District of the Bureau of Land Management as the Otay Mountain Wilderness. 
Recognizes that, because of the Wilderness Area's proximity to the U.S.-Mexican international border, drug interdiction, border operations, and wildland fire management operations need to continue so long as they are conducted in accordance with the Wilderness Act and any conditions the Secretary of the Interior considers appropriate. 
Declares that such designation is not intended to lead to the creation of protective buffer zones around the Wilderness.
National Park Centennial Act - Establishes the National Park Centennial Fund in the Treasury.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow individual taxpayers to designate overpayments and contributions for the benefit of the National Park System. Allocates such amounts to the Fund (along with necessary amounts from the General Fund to the extent that such amounts are inadequate in any fiscal year) for expenditure by the Secretary of the Interior.

Authorizes appropriations for a public awareness campaign about the Fund and the ability of taxpayers to make tax-related contributions.

Requires a specified percentage of Fund deposits to be used: (1) for the elimination of the backlog of unmet needs in the national parks as identified in the Facility Condition Index of the National Park Service (NPS); (2) to protect natural resources within the parks; and (3) to protect cultural resources within the parks. Requires a majority of such percentages to be distributed to those national parks that have completed comprehensive business plans under the Business Plan Initiative of the NPS.

Directs the Government Accountability Office (GAO) annually to submit a report on the National Park System.

Authorizes the Secretary of Education to provide grants to elementary and secondary schools for cooperative agreements with the NPS providing distance learning and onsite education programs.

Requires the Secretary of the Interior to submit specified reports assessing the national parks.
Keeping Seniors Safe From Falls Act of 2006 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to: (1) oversee and support national education campaigns focusing on reducing falls among older adults, on preventing repeat falls, and on educating health professionals about falls risk, assessment, and prevention; and (2) award grants for local and state education campaigns.

Directs the Secretary to conduct and support research to: (1) improve the identification of older adults who have a high risk of falling; (2) improve data collection and analysis to identify fall risk and protective factors; (3) design, implement, and evaluate the most effective fall prevention and medication management interventions; (4) tailor strategies to reduce falls to specific populations of older adults; (5) maximize the dissemination of proven, effective fall prevention interventions; (6) improve the diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation of elderly fall victims; and (7) assess the risks of falls occurring in various settings.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) conduct research concerning barriers to the adoption of proven interventions, approaches to reduce falls among high-risk older adults living in long-term care facilities, and strategies in home modifications; (2) evaluate the effectiveness of community programs; (3) provide for a website to serve as an information clearinghouse; (4) oversee and support demonstration projects designed to reduce the risk of falls in frail older adults emphasizing projects that foster collaboration between health care providers and the aging services network or residential and institutional settings; and (5) report to Congress on the effects of falls on health care costs, the potential for reducing falls, and the most effective strategies for reducing associated health care costs.
Amends federal postal law to make cigarettes, smokeless tobacco, and roll-your-own-tobacco nonmailable.

Requires tobacco products attempted to be mailed to be disposed of as the Postal Service directs.

Provides a civil penalty for each mailing violation.

Authorizes the Postal Service, on evidence satisfactory to the Postal Service that any person is, for commercial or moneymaking purposes, engaged in the sending of such matter, to: (1) refuse to accept any mailing from that person or his representative unless the person or his representative establishes to the satisfaction of the postmaster that the mailing does not contain such matter; and (2) order the person to cease and desist from mailing such matter.

Authorizes civil actions by states to: (1) enjoin mailings to residents of that state; (2) impose civil penalties; or (3) obtain other relief.
District of Columbia Tax Incentives Improvement Act of 2002 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to designate the entire District of Columbia as an enterprise zone which shall be treated as an empowerment zone.Excludes from gross income capital gains on sale or exchange of District assets held for more than two years (presently the figure is five years). Defines what constitutes a District business. Nullifies the exclusion of any trade or business from counting as a District business for reason of consisting predominantly of dealing in intangibles if: (1) at least 30 percent of the employees of such a business are District residents; and (2) at least 50 percent of the wages are paid to District residents.Extends time line for which provisions of enterprise zone treatment will last. Makes permanent provisions of law pertaining to the first-time homebuyer credit (currently, they last through December 31, 2003). Extends classification of "first-time homebuyer" to certain individuals buying residences due to divorce or separation, and directs the Secretary of Treasury to prescribe regulations to prevent abuses of such provision.Removes the limitation on the amount of tax-exempt enterprise zone facility bonds that can be issued.Exempts certain bonds and notes issued by the District Council and the interest thereon from all taxation (except for estate, inheritance, and gift taxes) by the United States, any State or political subdivision thereof, the District, or any possession of the United States.
District of Columbia Fair and Equal House Voting Rights Act of 2007 - Considers the District of Columbia a congressional district for purposes of representation in the House of Representatives.

Applies to the District in the same manner as it applies to a state the federal law providing for the fifteenth and subsequent decennial censuses and for apportionment of Representatives in Congress. Limits the District to one Member under any reapportionment of Members.

Modifies the formula regarding the number of presidential electors to subject it to the Twenty-Third amendment to the Constitution in the case of the District.

Increases membership of the House from 435 to 437 Members.

Provides for a reapportionment of Members resulting from such increase.

Requires the: (1) President to submit to Congress a revised version of the most recent statement of such apportionment; and (2) Clerk of the House, upon receipt of such revision, to send to the executive of each state a certificate of the number of Representatives to which such state is entitled and to identify to the Speaker of the House the state (other than the District) which is entitled to one additional Representative.

Subjects the general elections for such additional Representatives to specified requirements.
 Virginia Jobs and Energy Act This bill directs the Department of the Interior to conduct an oil and gas lease sale off the coast of Virginia within one year, and conduct at least two lease sales in the area during the 2017-2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program. During each of Interior's five-year leasing programs, two lease sales must be conducted off the coast of Virginia. The bill prohibits oil or natural gas exploration, development, or production off the Virginia coast that would conflict with a military operation.  The bill allocates 37.5% of new leasing revenues received each fiscal year by the federal government for payment to states affected with respect to the leases that generate these revenues.Additionally, the bill sets forth the minimum and maximum revenues that an affected state may receive. Interior must require any applicant seeking to conduct an offshore meteorological site testing and monitoring project to obtain a permit and right-of-way.(An offshore meteorological site testing and monitoring project is carried out on or in the waters of the outer Continental Shelf to test or monitor weather using towers, buoys, or other temporary ocean infrastructure).These projects shall be exempt from environmental impact statement requirements under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969.   
Thomas Alva Edison Sesquicentennial Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint one-dollar silver coins emblematic of the inventions made by Thomas A. Edison in commemoration of the sesquicentennial of his birth. 
Instructs the Secretary to conduct an open design competition for the design of the obverse and reverse of the coins. 
Terminates the authority to mint such coins after December 31, 1997.  Mandates that certain surcharges received from coin sales be distributed to specified entities.
Breast Cancer and Environmental Research Act of 2008 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish the Interagency Breast Cancer and Environmental Research Coordinating Committee to: (1) share and coordinate information on existing breast cancer research activities and make recommendations for improvement of research programs; (2) develop a comprehensive strategy and advise the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and other federal agencies in the solicitation of proposals for collaborative, multidisciplinary research, including proposals to evaluate environmental and genomic factors that may be related to the etiology of breast cancer; (3) develop a summary of advances in federal breast cancer research relevant to the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of cancer and other diseases and disorders; and (4) make recommendations to the Secretary regarding changes to research activities, avoiding unnecessary duplication of effort among federal agencies, public participation in decisions relating to breast cancer research, how best to disseminate information on breast cancer research progress, and how to expand partnerships between public and private entities to expand collaborative, crosscutting research. Authorizes appropriations for FY2009-FY2012.
Infant Crib Safety Act - Amends the Federal Hazardous Substances Act to make it unlawful for any commercial user to: (1) manufacture, sell, or contract to sell any full-size or nonfull-size crib which is unsafe for any infant; or (2) sell, contract to sell or resell, lease, sublet, or otherwise place in the stream of commerce any such crib which is not new and is unsafe for any infant.

Makes it unlawful for any lodging facility to offer or provide an unsafe crib.

Presumes a crib to be unsafe which does not conform to the Code of Federal Regulations and the American Society for Testing Materials Voluntary Standards, unless labeled as dangerous for an infant and not intended to be used for one.
Climate Change Education Act   This bill declares that the evidence for human-induced climate change is overwhelming and undeniable. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) must establish a Climate Change Education Program to:   increase the climate literacy of the United States by broadening the understanding of human-induced climate change, including possible consequences and potential solutions;  apply the latest scientific and technological discoveries to provide learning opportunities to people of all ages; and help people understand and promote implementation of new technologies, programs, and incentives related to climate change, climate adaptation and mitigation, and climate resilience.  NOAA must also establish a grant program for climate change education. 
Robert James Act of 2008 - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) of the Social Security Act to authorize waivers by the Commissioner of Social Security of the five-month waiting period for entitlement to benefits based on disability in cases in which such waiting period would cause undue hardship to terminally ill beneficiaries.
Renewable Fuel Equity Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to expand the renewable resources credit to include geothermal and solar energy, incremental hydropower and biomass (other than closed-loop biomass).Sets forth qualifying dates of service for facilities using such means to produce electricity.Expands the investment tax credit to include equipment used to produce electricity from certain renewable resources.Increases, from 10 to 20 percent, the "energy percentage" used to determine the energy credit in the case of energy property having a total installed electrical generating capacity of less than one megawatt that is placed in service before January 1, 2007.
Survivor Outreach and Support Campus Act or the SOS Campus Act Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require each institution of higher education (IHE) that participates in any program under title IV (Student Assistance) to designate an independent advocate for campus sexual assault prevention and response (Advocate) with experience in providing sexual assault victim services. Requires each Advocate to: (1) report to an individual outside the body responsible for investigating and adjudicating sexual assault complaints at the IHE, (2) submit to such individual an annual report summarizing how the resources supplied to the Advocate were used, (3) represent the interests of each student victim without regard to whether they conflict with the IHE's interests, and (4) be appointed in such manner as the Secretary of Education deems appropriate.  Directs each Advocate to:  ensure that sexual assault victims at the IHE are able to receive, at their election, specified information and services; guide sexual assault victims who request assistance through the reporting, counseling, administrative, medical and health, academic accommodations, or legal processes of the IHE or local law enforcement; attend, at the request of a sexual assault victim, any administrative or IHE-based adjudication proceeding related to such assault as an advocate for the victim; maintain the privacy and confidentiality of the victim and any witness to such sexual assault and to not notify the IHE or any other person of the identity of the victim or of any such witness or the alleged circumstances surrounding the reported sexual assault except as otherwise required by state law or, with respect to the identity of the victim or witness, with the consent of such victim or witness; and conduct a public information campaign to inform the students enrolled at the IHE of the existence of, contact information for, and services provided by the Advocate.  Prohibits IHEs from retaliating against: (1) Advocates for representing the interests of a student victims, or (2) student victims for reporting sexual assaults to Advocates.
Child Interstate Abortion Notification Act - Amends the federal criminal code to prohibit transporting a minor child across a state line to obtain an abortion (deems such transporting to be a de facto abridgment of the right of a parent under any law in the minors state of residence that requires parental involvement in the minors abortion decision). Makes an exception for an abortion necessary to save the life of the minor.

Makes it an affirmative defense to a prosecution or civil action under this Act that a defendant: (1) reasonably believed that before the minor obtained the abortion, the required parental consent or notification or judicial authorization took place; or (2) was presented with documentation showing that a court waived parental notification requirements or authorized the minor's abortion.

Authorizes any parent who suffers harm from a violation of such prohibition to obtain appropriate relief in a civil action unless the parent has committed an act of incest with the minor.

Defines "abortion" as the termination of a pregnancy with an intention other than to increase the probability of a live birth, preserve the life or health of the child after live birth, terminate an ectopic pregnancy, or remove a dead unborn child who died as the result of a spontaneous abortion, accidental trauma, or a criminal assault on the pregnant female or her unborn child.

 Imposes a fine and/or prison term of up to one year on anyone who has committed an act of incest with a minor and knowingly transports the minor across a state line with the intent that such minor obtain an abortion.

Imposes a fine and/or prison term of up to one year on a physician who performs or induces an abortion on an out-of-state minor in violation of parental notification requirements. Requires such physician to give 24-hour actual or constructive notice to a parent of the minor seeking an abortion, except where: (1) the abortion is performed or induced in a state that has in force a law requiring parental involvement in a minor's abortion decision and the physician complies with such law; (2) the physician is presented with documentation showing that a court in the minor's state of residence has waived any required parental notification or has otherwise authorized the minor to procure an abortion; (3) the minor declares in a signed written statement that she is the victim of sexual abuse, neglect, or physical abuse by a parent and, before an abortion is performed, the physician notifies the authorities of the state in which the minor resides of the known or suspected abuse or neglect; (4) the abortion is necessary to save the life of the minor, provided the attending physician, within 24 hours after completion of the abortion, notifies a parent in writing that the abortion was performed and of the circumstances that warranted it; or (5) the minor is accompanied by a person who presents documentation that he or she is the minor's parent.
North Korea Sanctions and Diplomatic Nonrecognition Act of 2009 - Continues diplomatic, economic, and military sanctions against the government of North Korea as a supporter of international terrorism until the President certifies to Congress that North Korea: (1) is no longer engaged in the illegal transfer of missile or nuclear technology, particularly to Iran and Syria; (2) is not assisting foreign terrorist organizations, engaged in counterfeiting U.S. currency, or engaged in illicit narcotics traffic; (3) has released specified U.S. citizens, Japanese nationals, and surviving Korean War prisoners of war; (4) has undertaken specified family reunification actions; and (5) has undertaken specified penal reforms.

Continues diplomatic nonrecognition of North Korea until such benchmarks have been met.

Directs the President, in the case of a North Korean missile or rocket launch in violation of U.N. Security Council Resolutions 1695 and 1718, to instruct the U.S. Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use U.S. influence to secure adoption of a Security Council resolution condemning North Korea's action and requiring implementation of comprehensive sanctions against North Korea.
Exempts a business entity from civil liability for any injury or death occurring at such entity's facility in connection with the use of such facility by a nonprofit organization if:  (1) the use occurs outside of the scope of the business of the entity; (2) the injury or death occurs while the facility is being used by the organization; and (3) the entity authorized the organization's use of the facility. Provides an exception for an injury or death that results from an entity's act or omission that constitutes gross negligence or intentional misconduct, including crimes of violence or acts of international terrorism, hate crimes, sexual offenses, and misconduct that violates Federal or State civil rights laws. 
Provides that this Act shall not apply in a State that enacts a statute to that effect if all parties to an action are citizens of that State.
Assistance in Gaining Experience, Independence, and Navigation Act of 2014 or the AGE-IN Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to award a grant to: (1) analyze existing research on youth and young adults with an autism spectrum disorder or other developmental disabilities as they transition out of the school-based support system; (2) research existing infrastructure for transitioning youth, including access to health care, continuing education programs, and community integration programs; and (3) develop a strategic plan for a Transition Navigator Grant Program to provide transitioning youth with support services. Requires the Secretary to establish a Transition Navigator Grant Program to award grants to provide services based on the strategic plan. Directs the Secretary to contract a third party to evaluate the effectiveness of grantees in meeting the goals of the strategic plan.
Foster Care Tax Credit Act   This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a partially refundable tax credit for each qualifying foster child who resides in the home of an eligible taxpayer for at least one calendar month during the taxable year.  A &quot;qualifying foster child&quot; is a child in foster care who: (1) has not attained age 17; (2) is a citizen, national, or resident of the United States; and (3) with respect to whom the child tax credit is not allowable.  In order to claim the credit, the name and taxpayer identification number of a foster child must be included on the taxpayer's tax return. No credit is allowed if the identification number of either the taxpayer or the qualifying child was issued after the due date for filing the return for the taxable year.  The bill denies the tax credit to certain taxpayers who have made prior fraudulent or reckless claims for the credit within specified disallowance periods. The Department of Health and Human Services must identify provisions in the Internal Revenue Code that can benefit foster families and increase outreach efforts to inform state and Indian tribal foster care agencies and foster families about such provisions. 
Boys Town Centennial Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue up to 50,000 $5 gold coins, 350,000 $1 silver coins, and 300,000 half-dollar clad coins to commemorate the centennial of the founding of Father Flanagan's Boys Town. Requires the design of the coins to be emblematic of the 100 years of Boys Town, one of the largest nonprofit child care agencies in the United States. Permits issuance of such coins only between January 1, 2017, and December 31, 2018. 
Amends the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act to revise conditions for regulation of certain types of gaming activities on Indian lands. 
Revises such conditions with respect to the regulation of Class II and Class III gaming activities to specify that these shall be limited to the specific forms of, and methods of play for, those gaming activities expressly authorized by the law of the State. 
Excludes video bingo from the definition of class II gaming. Includes video bingo, and any other forms of electronic video games or devices, as well as slot machines, within the definition of class III gaming. 
Shifts the burden of proof from a State to an Indian tribe in a compact negotiation-related action initiated by a tribe. 
Increases the membership of the National Indian Gaming Commission. 
Includes, under provisions for determining whether gaming activities on newly acquired Indian lands are to be allowed, consideration of communities across State borders that would be seriously affected, as well as consultation with officials of such communities.
(This measure has not been amended since it was introduced in the House on January 7, 2003. However, because action occurred on the measure, the summary has been expanded.)National Small Business Regulatory Assistance Act of 2003 - Amends the Small Business Act to direct the Administrator of the Small Business Administration (SBA), acting through the Associate Administrator for Small Business Development Centers, to establish a program to provide regulatory compliance assistance to small businesses through participating Small Business Development Centers (Centers), the Association for Small Business Development Centers (Association), and Federal compliance partnership programs. Requires the Administrator to enter into arrangements with participating Centers to provide: (1) access to regulatory information and resources; (2) training and education activities; (3) confidential counseling to owners and operators of small businesses regarding compliance with Federal and State regulations; (4) technical assistance; and (5) referrals to experts and other providers of compliance assistance. Requires quarterly reports to the SBA from participating Centers.Directs the Administrator to act as the repository of and clearinghouse for data and information submitted by Centers and to transmit annual program reports to the President and the congressional small business committees.Requires the Administrator, giving substantial weight to the Association's recommendations, to select the Centers programs of two States from each of ten groups of States for participation in the program. Authorizes the Administrator to make additional selections after three years. Directs the Administrator to give selection preference to programs that have a plan for consulting with Federal and State agencies to ensure that assistance provided under this Act is not duplicated by any other Federal or State program. Sets forth the formula for determining program grant amounts.Requires the Comptroller General to evaluate the program and transmit evaluation results to the Administrator and the small business committees.Authorizes appropriations.Provides privacy requirements applicable to such Centers.
Telework Tax Incentive Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow an employer or an employee a tax credit, up to $1,000 per year, for teleworking expenses incurred by or on behalf of a teleworking employee under an arrangement whereby such employee teleworks not less than 75 days per year.
Naugatuck River Valley National Heritage Area Study Act  This bill directs the Department of the Interior to carry out a study on the suitability and feasibility of establishing the Naugatuck River Valley National Heritage Area in Connecticut. 
Quality Nursing Care Act of 2005 - Amends part D (Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to require that each participating hospital adopt and implement a staffing system that ensures a number of registered nurses on each shift and in each unit of the hospital to ensure appropriate staffing levels for patient care. Outlines whistle-blower protections.
International Narcotics Control Corrections Act of 1994 - Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to redefine a "major illicit drug producing country" as a country in which 1,000 hectares or more of illicit opium poppy or coca is cultivated or harvested annually or 5,000 hectares or more of illicit cannabis is cultivated or harvested annually unless the President determines that such cannabis production does not significantly affect the United States. 
Provides for advance notification to the appropriate congressional committees of any transfer by the Government to a foreign country, for narcotics control purposes, of property or funds seized or forfeited in connection with narcotics-related activities. 
Reallocates foreign assistance (currently, security assistance) withheld from countries that fail to take adequate steps to halt illicit drug production or trafficking. 
Extends certain international narcotics control strategy reporting requirements and annual certification procedures for FY 1993 and 1994 through FY 1995.  Makes such requirements and procedures currently applicable after September 30, 1994, effective after September 30, 1995 (the beginning of FY 1996). 
Repeals specified international narcotics control Acts. 
Exempts specified narcotics control-related transfers of excess defense articles, foreign military financing, and international military education and training from a prohibition on assistance to foreign law enforcement agencies. 
Waives all restrictions on assistance (except for countries that are "decertified" under narcotics control certification provisions) with respect to narcotics-related assistance provided during FY 1995 if the President notifies the appropriate congressional committees in advance. 
Authorizes the President to furnish assistance to any country or international organization during FY 1995 for the prevention and suppression of international criminal activities.  Exempts such assistance from the prohibition on assistance to foreign law enforcement agencies. 
Requires the President to take steps to ensure that the immediate relatives of any individual involved in drug trafficking are not permitted entry into the United States consistent with the Immigration and Nationality Act. 
NATO Participation Act of 1994 - Authorizes the President to establish a program to assist the transition to full North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) membership of Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and other designated Partnership for Peace countries. 
Permits the President, in carrying out such program, to provide excess defense articles, international military education and training, and foreign military financing assistance to such countries.
Military and Veterans Education Protection Act This bill amends title IV (Student Assistance) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require proprietary institutions of higher education to derive at least 10% of their revenue from sources other than federal educational assistance, or risk becoming ineligible for title IV funding. Federal educational assistance includes title IV federal student aid and federal educational assistance for military personnel and veterans. Currently, this so-called 90/10 rule requires proprietary institutions to derive at least 10% of their revenue from sources other than title IV federal student aid, but it allows federal educational assistance for military personnel and veterans to count toward the 10%. 
Youth Violence Prevention Act of 1999 - Amends the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (the Act) to prohibit: (1) the sale or other disposition of a firearm or ammunition to any person knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that such person has committed an act of violent juvenile delinquency; and (2) the shipment transport, or possession in interstate or foreign commerce of a firearm or ammunition, or the receipt of any firearm or ammunition which has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign commerce, by a person who has committed an act of violent juvenile delinquency. 
Specifies that: (1) what constitutes an adjudication of an act of violent juvenile delinquency shall be determined in accordance with the law of the jurisdiction in which the proceedings were held; and (2) any State conviction or adjudication of such an act that has been expunged or set aside, or for which a person has been pardoned or has had civil rights restored, shall not be considered a conviction or adjudication of an act of violent juvenile delinquency for purposes of the Act. 
Amends the Act to set penalties for: (1) straw purchases of firearms (transferring a firearm knowing or having reasonable cause to know that another will carry or otherwise possess, discharge, or use the firearm in the commission of a violent felony); (2) possession by a juvenile of a handgun or ammunition in violation of Act provisions regarding transfer to a person, whom the transferor knows or has reasonable cause to believe is a juvenile, of a handgun or ammunition suitable for use only in a handgun, and, during the same course of conduct, violating provisions regarding possession of a firearm in a school zone, with intent to carry or otherwise possess, discharge, or otherwise use the handgun or ammunition in the commission of a violent felony; and (3) persons other than juveniles who knowingly violate provisions of the Act regarding the transfer to a person, whom the transferor knows or has reasonable cause to believe is a juvenile, of a handgun or ammunition suitable for use only in a handgun, knowing or having reasonable cause to know that another will carry or otherwise possess, discharge, or use the firearm in the commission of a violent felony. 
Tightens restrictions under the Act on temporary transfers of a handgun or ammunition to, and possession or use by, a juvenile.  Makes current exemptions regarding such transfers applicable only if the juvenile's possession and use of a handgun or ammunition are in accordance with State and local law and if specified other conditions apply.
Authorizes: (1) the presiding judge of a U.S. appellate or district court to permit the photographing, electronic recording, broadcasting, or televising to the public of court proceedings; and (2) the Judicial Conference of the United States to promulgate advisory guidelines for the management and administration of such coverage. Directs: (1) the district court, upon the request of any witness in a trial proceeding other than a party, to order the witness's face and voice to be disguised or otherwise obscured to the broadcast audience; and (2) the presiding judge to inform each witness of his or her right to make such request.
Autocycle Safety Act This bill applies specified interim automotive and motorcycle safety standards to autocycles until at most three years after enactment of this bill, by which time the Department of Transportation shall issue appropriate final rules, interpretations, and test procedures. The bill defines &quot;autocycle&quot; as a motorcycle with three wheels in contact with the ground, front-wheel drive, a fully enclosed occupant compartment, and a steering wheel and which is subject to applicable federal motor vehicle safety standards.
Requires a report from the Attorney General to Congress on the extent to which: (1) the motion picture, recording, and television industry have developed or enforced guidelines to ensure compliance with ratings or labeling systems which identify and limit the dissemination of sexual, violent, or other indecent material to children; and (2) Federal and State antitrust laws preclude those industries from developing and enforcing such guidelines.
Special Criminal Contempt of Congress Procedures Act of 2009 - Establishes alternate procedures for the prosecution of current or former officers or employees of the executive branch found in contempt of Congress for refusal to testify or produce documents in response to a congressional subpoena.

 Requires the Speaker of the House of Representatives to certify a finding of contempt of Congress to the appropriate U.S. attorney for presentation to a grand jury. Requires the Chief Judge of a U.S. district court to appoint a special counsel to prosecute any contempt case certified by the Speaker if the Attorney General or U.S. attorney to whom a finding of contempt was certified declines to prosecute or a grand jury does not return an indictment within a specified time period. Requires such special counsel to be an attorney in good standing with substantial prosecutorial experience who did not serve in the administration of a President in office when a finding of contempt was certified. Grants full power and independent authority to the special counsel to exercise all prosecutorial functions and powers.

Sets forth provisions for the removal of the special counsel and the termination of the special counsel's authority.

Increases the penalty for refusal of witnesses to testify or produce papers in response to a congressional subpoena.

Makes this Act effective on January 20, 2009.
(Sec. 3) Grants the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) authority to: (1) negotiate and enter into agreements with private entities, Federal, State, and local governments, and foreign governments for the provision of technical services or training in accident investigation theory and technique; and (2) require that such entities provide appropriate consideration for the reasonable costs of any goods, services, or training provided by the NTSB.(Sec. 4) Authorizes the NTSB to pay an employee with basic pay at a rate of GS-10 or above an overtime hourly rate of time-and-a-half for work performed at an accident scene (including travel to or from the scene) and other work critical to an accident investigation. Specifies limits on total NTSB overtime payments in a calendar year.(Sec. 5) Prohibits the NTSB from disclosing publicly any part of a surface vehicle video recorder recording or transcript of oral communications by or among drivers, train employees, or other operating employees responsible for the movement and direction of the vehicle or vessel, or between such operating employees and company communication centers, regarding an accident investigated by the NTSB. Requires the NTSB to make public any part of a transcript or any written depiction of visual information relevant to an accident, provided certain conditions are met. Subjects surface vehicle recordings (voice or video recorder) and transcripts of accidents (written depiction of visual information obtained from a video recorder) to specified requirements for discovery and use in a judicial proceeding.Prescribes requirements for installation and use of recording devices on surface vehicles.(Sec. 6) Requires the NTSB to relinquish investigative priority to the Federal Bureau of Investigation with respect to an accident if the Attorney General determines that circumstances reasonably indicate that such accident may have been caused by an intentional criminal act.(Sec. 8) Limits the Federal law compliance review authority of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation with respect to the NTSB to its financial management and business operations (including internal accounting and administration control systems).(Sec. 9) Authorizes appropriations.
Clean Water Compliance and Affordability Act  This bill requires the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to carry out a pilot program to facilitate the efforts of eligible municipalities to develop and implement integrated plans to meet their wastewater and stormwater obligations under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (commonly known as the Clean Water Act) in a cost-effective and flexible manner and consistent with the Integrated Municipal Stormwater and Wastewater Approach Framework issued by the EPA in May 2012. The pilot program must facilitate the efforts of at least 15 municipalities. A municipality is eligible to participate in the pilot program if it is: (1) a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permit holder or designee; or (2) a party to an administrative order, administrative consent agreement, or judicial consent decree to comply with the requirements of the Clean Water Act. The EPA must give priority to municipalities that: (1) are affected by affordability constraints in planning and implementing control measures addressing wet weather discharges from wastewater and stormwater facilities; and (2) have a history of knowledgeable, detailed, and comprehensive efforts to develop integrated and adaptive clean water management practices. The EPA may give priority to municipalities seeking to develop and implement an integrated plan that includes approaches that adapt to changed or future uncertain circumstances. With the mutual agreement of participating municipalities, the EPA may: (1) extend the allowable NPDES permit term by up to 25 years, (2) modify the implementation terms of a consent decree, and (3) provide additional regulatory flexibility in approving and implementing an integrated plan that includes adaptive approaches.
Prohibits the use of funds for nonhumanitarian foreign assistance programs (including Agency for International Development (AID) activities) unless the recipient country, multilateral development bank or lending institution has demonstrated that: (1) procurement practices are open, transparent, and free of corruption, fraud, inefficiency, and other misuse; and (2) the recipient has adopted and is using independent third-party procurement monitoring.
Specifies exceptions to the requirements of this Act.
Comprehensive Tuberculosis Elimination Act of 2001 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to provide for the ongoing operation of a committee to be known as the Committee on Interagency Collaboration for Tuberculosis Elimination. Requires the Committee to: (1) provide advice on coordinating the activities of the Public Health Service and other Federal agencies that relate to such disease and on efficiently utilizing Federal resources; (2) make recommendations on the development and implementation of a national plan; and (3) make recommendations for the development and implementation of a plan to guide the involvement of the United States in global tuberculosis-control activities.Revises provisions concerning preventive health services regarding tuberculosis by: (1) renaming such provisions national program for tuberculosis elimination; (2) revising the authorities of the Secretary of Health and Human Services under such provisions; and (3) authorizing appropriations through FY 2006.Revises provisions concerning tuberculosis with respect to the activities of the: (1) National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute; (2) National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases; and (3) the John E. Fogarty International Center for Advanced Study in the Health Sciences.
Iran Missile Proliferation Sanctions Act of 1997 - Directs the President to report periodically to specified congressional committees on foreign persons who, on or after August 8, 1995, have transferred, or attempted to transfer, controlled goods or technology, or provided, or attempted to provide, technical assistance or facilities that contributed, or would have contributed, to Iran's efforts to acquire, develop, or produce ballistic missiles.  Excludes from identification in such reports any such persons who were previously identified or sanctioned, who are subject to a waiver, or who have acted on behalf of, or in concert with, the United States. 
Requires imposition on such persons of minimum two-year sanctions prohibiting:  (1) sales to such persons of items on the United States Munitions List (and terminating sales of any controlled U.S. arms); (2) the export to such persons of dual use goods and technology; and (3) the provision of U.S. financial assistance.  Authorizes the President to waive such sanctions on the basis of U.S. national security or additional information demonstrating that the sanctioned person did not commit the acts alleged. 
Expresses the sense of the Congress that the President should exercise the authority granted to him under the Freedom for Russia and Emerging Eurasian Democracies and Open Markets Support Act of 1992 to prevent:  (1) the transfer through purchase, barter, or other acquisition of weapons-related material and delivery systems to Iran; and (2) the transfer to Iran of scientific and technical expertise with respect to such material and systems.  Authorizes the use of certain assistance, otherwise available for the independent states of the former Soviet Union under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, to prevent such transfers.
Indian Health Care Improvement Technical Corrections Act of 1996 - Makes technical corrections to the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, including revisions concerning:  (1)  the deferral of a health professional's active duty service obligation; and (2) the right of recovery against an insurance company for failure to provide reasonable assurances. 
Authorizes appropriations through FY 2000 for the:  (1) California Contract Health Services Demonstration Program; (2) Medicare and Medicaid Demonstration Program; (3) Gallup Alcohol and Substance Abuse Center; (4) Substance Abuse Counselor Education Demonstration Program; and (5) Home and Community-Based Care Demonstration Program.
Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to declare that certain annual certifications made to Congress that allow a major drug-transit country or major illicit drug producing country to expend withheld bilateral assistance and multilateral development assistance provided certain conditions are met shall not apply to such countries if the President determines that: (1) such countries are a party to a bilateral agreement that calls for the control of illicit drugs; and (2) progress is being made in accordance with the agreement with respect to the control of illicit drugs.
Teri Zenner Social Worker Safety Act - Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services, through the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, to award grants to states to provide safety measures to social workers and other professionals working with violent, drug-using, or other at-risk populations.

Authorizes such grants to be used to provide or support: (1) the procurement and installation of safety equipment, including communications systems to assist agencies in locating staff, and technical assistance and training for safety communications; (2) training exercises for self-defense and crisis management; (3) facility safety improvements; (4) provision of pepper spray for self-defense; (5) training in cultural competency and on strategies for de-escalating a situation that could turn volatile; (6) training to help workers who work with mentally ill communities and who need help coping; and (7) educational resources and materials to train staff on safety and awareness measures.

Directs the Secretary to establish guidelines for assuring the cost-effectiveness and quality of the safety measures funded.
Sets forth certain measures that shall be applied in the event that a Palestinian state is unilaterally declared, including: (1) to make it unlawful for the government of any unilaterally declared Palestinian state, the Palestinian Authority, the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO), or any successor entities to establish an office in the United States; (2) to bar of U.S. assistance to the government of any unilaterally declared Palestinian state, the Palestinian Authority (or to any successor entity), and any programs or projects in the West Bank or Gaza (except humanitarian assistance); (3) to withhold a specified percentage of the U.S. contribution to any international organization that recognizes a unilaterally declared Palestinian state; and (4) to oppose such state's membership in any international financial institution or the extension by such institution of any loan or other financial assistance to it.
Authorizes the President to suspend, for one year, the application of a specified number of such measures provided he determines and certifies to specified congressional committees that such suspensions are in the national security interests of the United States or the application of such measures would significantly hinder the prospects for a negotiated peace agreement in the Middle East.
Improving Access to Prescription Drug Benefits for Veterans Act of 2003 - Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a prescription drug benefit program under which drugs and medicines are furnished to eligible veterans on prescription of a duly licensed physician or other authorized health care professional who is not an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs, subject to the payment of any required premium and copayment. Makes eligible for the program any veteran who: (1) is enrolled in the Department health care system; (2) seeks an initial appointment with a Department physician or other health-care provider to obtain a prescription; and (3) can not obtain such an appointment until more than 30 days later.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) establish required premiums and copayments; (2) maintain records of the costs of the program; and (3) implement a computerized patient profile system for program participants.
Literacy, Education, and Rehabilitation Act - Amends the federal criminal code to allow a prisoner serving a term of imprisonment of more than one year to receive credit beyond time already served for up to 60 days each year, in addition to any credit received for satisfactory behavior, for earning a certificate of completion in, or for participating in or teaching, a designated program that benefits prisoners or the Bureau of Prisons, including specified educational and vocational, treatment, and work and developmental programs.

Requires the Director of the Bureau to establish the number of days of credit a prisoner may be awarded considering the difficulty, time required, responsibility expected, and rehabilitative benefits of the program.

 Makes any person sentenced to a term of imprisonment under the Attorney General's custody eligible for the credits, including prisoners transferred from foreign countries.

Allows: (1) federal prisoners to earn up to 54 days of credit toward the service of a sentence for each year of the prisoner's sentence imposed by the court if the Bureau determines the prisoner has displayed exemplary compliance with institutional disciplinary regulations; and (2) the Bureau to restore credit previously denied to a prisoner, based on such prisoner maintaining good behavior.
Sets forth related employer filing and enforcement provisions.
Establishes in the Treasury the High-Tech Education Fund Account.
Saddleback Mountain-Arizona Settlement Act of 1995 - Approves and ratifies the Settlement Agreement providing for the transfer of certain lands in Scottsdale, Arizona, by the Resolution Trust Corporation to the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community (to be held in trust by the Department of the Interior) and the City of Scottsdale.  Directs the Corporation to make such land transfer. 
Sets forth land use limitations (public use and development property).
Special Criminal Contempt of Congress Procedures Act of 2008 - Establishes alternate procedures for the prosecution of current or former officers or employees of the executive branch found in contempt of Congress for refusal to testify or produce documents in response to a congressional subpoena.

Establishes a Special Division of the U.S. Supreme Court to hear such criminal contempt cases. Requires the Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court to designate three judges or justices, one of whom shall be an active judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, to serve on the Special Division. Requires the Special Division to appoint a special advocate to serve as the prosecuting attorney in criminal contempt cases after the Attorney General declines to present such cases to a grand jury. Grants full power and independent authority to the special advocate to exercise all prosecutorial functions and powers.

Sets forth provisions for the removal of the special advocate and the termination of the special advocate's authority.

Makes this Act effective on January 20, 2009.
California Ocean Protection Act of 1995 - Establishes a California Ocean Protection Zone consisting of:  (1) waters of the Exclusive Economic Zone that are contiguous to the waters of the territorial sea that are contiguous to the State of California; (2) waters of the territorial sea that are contiguous to the State of California; and (3) the portion of the outer Continental Shelf underlying those waters. 
Prohibits:  (1) the head of a Federal agency from issuing a lease, permit, or license for the exploration for or development or production of oil, gas, or other minerals in or from the Zone; (2) a person from engaging in the exploration for, or development or production of, minerals in or from the Zone after the date of the cancellation, expiration, transfer, relinquishment, or termination of a lease, permit, or license for such activities in effect in June 1995; and (3) an agency head from issuing a lease, permit, or license for ocean incineration or harmful ocean dumping within the Zone or for any onshore facility that facilitates ocean incineration or harmful ocean dumping within the Zone. 
Declares that this Act is not intended to regulate, restrict, or prohibit commercial or recreational fishing, or other harvesting of ocean life in the zone.
Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2005 - (Sec. 2) Amends Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (Signing of Pleadings, Motions, and Other Papers; Representations to Court; Sanctions) to: (1) require courts to impose sanctions on attorneys, law firms, or parties who file frivolous lawsuits (currently, discretionary); (2) disallow the withdrawal or correction of pleadings to avoid Rule 11 sanctions; (3) require courts to award parties prevailing on Rule 11 motions reasonable expenses and attorney's fees, if warranted; and (4) authorize courts to impose Rule 11 sanctions that include reimbursement of a party's reasonable litigation costs in connection with frivolous lawsuits.

(Sec. 3) Makes Rule 11 applicable to state civil actions where the state court determines, upon motion, that an action substantially affects interstate commerce.

(Sec. 4) Requires personal injury claims (defined to exclude class actions and personal injury claims brought against a debtor in bankruptcy proceedings) filed in state or federal court to be filed in the county or federal district in which: (1) the person bringing the claim resides at the time of filing or resided at the time of the alleged injury; (2) the alleged injury or circumstances giving rise to the Claim occurred; (3) the defendant's principal place of business is located; or (4) the defendant resides, if the defendant is an individual. Directs the trial court to determine which county or federal district is the most appropriate forum in those situations where the alleged injury occurred in more than one county or district.

(Sec. 6) Requires a federal district court to suspend from the practice of law for one year (or for an additional period at the court's discretion) an attorney who is found to have violated Rule 11 three or more times. Grants such attorney a right to appeal a suspension and permits reinstatement after suspension under procedures and conditions prescribed by the court.

(Sec. 7) Establishes a rebuttable presumption that an attempt to litigate, in any forum, a claim or defense involving the same plaintiff and defendant that has been litigated and lost on three consecutive prior occasions is a Rule 11 violation.

(Sec. 8) Imposes additional sanctions for the willful and intentional destruction of documents sought pursuant to the rules of, and highly relevant to, a federal court proceeding.

(Sec. 9) Requires public disclosure of the record of a Rule 11 proceeding unless the presiding judge determines that the interest justifying nondisclosure of the record outweighs any public health and safety interests served by disclosure. Exempts from disclosure records subject to the attorney-client or other recognized privilege, or state or federal laws that protect the confidentiality of crime victims, including victims of sexual abuse.
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the House on September 19, 2006. The summary of that version is repeated here.)

Federal Election Integrity Act of 2006 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to prohibit the appropriate state or local election official from providing a federal election ballot to an individual who desires to vote in person unless the individual presents to the official: (1) a government-issued, current, and valid photo identification (ID); or (2) for regularly scheduled federal general elections held in November 2010 and subsequent years, a government-issued, current, and valid photo ID for which the individual was required to provide proof of U.S. citizenship as a condition for issuance of the ID.

Requires an individual who does not present such an ID to be permitted to cast a provisional ballot in such an election. Requires such individual, however, to present the required ID within 48 hours after casting the provisional ballot, or the appropriate state or local election official may not determine the individual's eligibility to vote.

Requires individuals who vote other than in person in a federal election (for example, by mail) to submit a copy of such a photo ID with a ballot, or the appropriate official may not accept the ballot. Exempts from this requirement the absentee ballot of any eligible overseas military voter absent from the United States by reason of active duty or service.

(Sec. 3) Requires states to establish a program to provide photo IDs in accordance with this Act to individuals who desire to vote but do not otherwise possess a government-issued photo ID.

Provides that, if a state charges a fee for providing such a photo ID, the fee: (1) may not exceed the reasonable cost to the state of providing the ID; and (2) may not be charged to any individual who provides an attestation that the individual is unable to afford the fee.

Prohibits the use of any such photo IDs for any state or local government program or function other than election administration.

Requires the Election Assistance Commission to make payments to states to cover the costs incurred in providing photo IDs to individuals unable to afford the fee that would otherwise be charged.

Authorizes appropriations for FY2008 and following fiscal years.
Children's Hospitals Education and Research Act of 1999 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make payment as specified to each children's hospital for each hospital cost reporting period under Medicare (title XVIII of the Social Security Act (SSA)) from FY 2000 through FY 2003 for the direct and indirect expenses associated with operating approved medical residency training programs. 
Provides that such payments are in lieu of certain Medicare payments to hospitals for inpatient hospital services, but shall not affect the amounts otherwise payable to such hospitals under a State Medicaid (SSA title XIX) plan. 
Makes appropriations.
Employee Stock Ownership Plan Promotion and Improvement Act of 2004 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) treat certain distributions by S corporations to an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) as deductible dividends; (2) exempt deductions for ESOP dividends from corporate alternative minimum tax adjustments based on adjusted earnings and profits; (3) allow deferral of the recognition of gain for certain sales to ESOP's sponsored by any domestic corporation, including S corporations; (4) allow reinvestment of ESOP stock proceeds eligible for nonrecognition of gain in certain mutual funds; (5) modify certain ESOP stock ownership rules; and (6) allow early distributions from an ESOP for higher education expenses and first-time homebuyer purchases without penalty.
Pinnacles National Park Act - Establishes Pinnacles National Park in California to: (1) preserve and interpret for the benefit of future generations the chaparral, grasslands, blue oak woodlands, and majestic valley oak savanna ecosystems of the park's area, the areas's geomorphology, riparian watersheds, unique flora and fauna, and the ancestral and cultural history of native Americans, settlers and explorers; and (2) interpret the recovery program for the California Condor and the international significance of that program.

Abolishes Pinnacles National Monument and includes the lands and interests therein in Pinnacles National Park.

Redesignates the Pinnacles Wilderness as the Hain Wilderness.

Designates specified lands comprising approximately 2,905 acres as wilderness and as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System. Deems such lands as being part of the Hain Wilderness.
Commission on the Year 2000 Computer Problem Act - Establishes the National Commission on the Year 2000 Computer Problem to identify problems and recommend possible solutions with respect to the proper transition of private and public sector computers from the year 1999 to the year 2000.
Free Trade With Cuba Act - Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to repeal the embargo on trade with Cuba. 
(Sec. 3) Prohibits the exercise by the President with respect to Cuba of certain authorities conferred by the Trading With the Enemy Act and exercised on July 1, 1977, as a result of a specified national emergency.  Declares that any prohibition on exports to Cuba under the Export Administration Act of 1979 shall cease to be effective. Authorizes the President to impose export controls with respect to Cuba and exercise certain authorities under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act only on account of an unusual and extraordinary threat to U.S. national security that did not exist before enactment of this Act. 
Repeals the Cuban Democracy Act. 
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to terminate the denial of foreign tax credit with respect to Cuba. 
(Sec. 4) Authorizes common carriers to install, maintain, and repair telecommunications equipment and facilities in Cuba, and otherwise provide telecommunications services between the United States and Cuba. 
(Sec. 5) Prohibits regulation or banning of travel to and from Cuba by U.S. citizens or residents, or of any transactions incident to travel. 
(Sec. 6) Directs the U.S. Postal Service to provide direct mail service to and from Cuba. 
(Sec. 7) Urges the President to take all necessary steps to conduct negotiations with the Government of Cuba to:  (1) settle claims of U.S. nationals against Cuba for the taking of property; and (2) secure protection of internationally recognized human rights.
Kendell Frederick Citizenship Assistance Act - Directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to use the fingerprints provided by an individual at the time of military enlistment to satisfy any fingerprint requirements as part of an application for naturalization if the individual: (1) may be naturalized under provisions of the Immigration and Nationality Act; (2) was fingerprinted in accordance with requirements of the Department of Defense (DOD) at the time of enlistment; and (3) submits an application for naturalization within 12 months after the date of enlistment.

Requires the Secretary of Defense to establish the position of Citizenship Advocate at each military entry processing station to provide information and assistance to members of the Armed Forces on the naturalization process.

Requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to: (1) establish a toll-free naturalization assistance telephone number available only to members and their families; and (2) after any modification of naturalization laws, update the appropriate application form, instructions and guidebook, and Internet website to reflect such modification.

Directs the Comptroller General to: (1) report to the congressional defense and judiciary committees on the entire process for adjudication of an application for naturalization; and (2) conduct a study on the implementation of this Act by the Secretaries of Homeland Security and Defense.
National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act of 2017 (Sec. 3) This bill requires the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to coordinate with the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA)&nbsp;and the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)&nbsp;to examine: (1) the feasibility of designating a three-digit dialing code for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system; and (2) the effectiveness of the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline (1-800-273-TALK), including how well it addresses the needs of veterans. SAMHSA must&nbsp;report to the FCC: (1) the potential impact of a&nbsp;designated dialing code on suicide prevention, crisis services, and other suicide&nbsp;prevention and mental health crisis hotlines; and (2) recommendations for improving the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline.&nbsp;&nbsp; The VA must&nbsp;report to the FCC about how well the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and the Veterans Crisis Line are working to address the needs of veterans. The FCC must report to Congress whether it recommends a dialing code, a cost-benefit analysis comparing the three-digit code to the current lifeline number, and cost estimates for service providers, states, and localities.
Television Improvement Act of 1997 - Amends the Television Program Improvement Act of 1990 to make permanent and enlarge the scope of the antitrust exemption for television industry activities aimed at children's programming, or reducing levels of violent, sexual, criminal, or profane content. 
States that this Act shall not be construed to provide additional Federal regulatory authority over television programming.
American Natural Gas Security and Consumer Protection Act  Amends the Natural Gas Act to prohibit exporting natural gas from the United States to a foreign country without first having secured an order of the Secretary of Energy (DOE) authorizing the exportation.  Allows DOE to: (1) authorize such exportation after determining that it is consistent with the public interest, and (2) modify the export application as DOE determines necessary. Requires the Secretary to issue: (1) an environmental impact statement (EIS) under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 on such an order, and (2) a summary of an analysis on the impact of extraction of exported natural gas upon the environment in those communities where the natural gas is extracted. Directs DOE to promulgate final regulations to establish the processes for determining whether a proposed exportation of natural gas from the United States to a foreign country is in the public interest. Exempts any export authorization order from the EIS and public interest requirements if the natural gas would be exported solely to meet certain requirements of: (1) the Energy Policy and Conservation Act, (2) the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, or (3) the Trading with the Enemy Act. Authorizes DOE, furthermore, to issue such orders without modification or delay after receiving an application. States that this Act does not affect certain authority under the Natural Gas Act regarding the importation or exportation of natural gas to a nation with which a free trade agreement is in effect.
United States Weather Research Program Act of 2002 - States that the United States Weather Research Program's priorities shall be in the areas of: (1) hurricanes, to improve landfall location and hurricane strength forecasts; (2) heavy precipitation, to improve winter and rain storm forecasts; (3) floods, to improve flood forecasting and forecasting and warning systems for inland flooding related to tropical cyclones; (4) two-to-fourteen day forecasting, to improve weather predictions and warnings of high-impact weather events, to conduct the Hemispheric Observing System Research and Predictability Experiment (THORpex) to fill observational gaps in the Northern Hemisphere, and to test and evaluate advanced data assimilation techniques in global models; (5) societal and economic impacts, to identify methods of delivering weather information effectively, to recommend ways to improve weather communications, to assess impacts of adverse weather, to evaluate what weather information is most useful, and to perform research on such impacts; and (6) testing research concepts at Program-sponsored test bed centers, to enable technology transfer to operational meteorologists.Directs the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to develop and annually update, and NOAA's Administrator to report to Congress on, a five-year plan: (1) describing how Federal agencies can best team with universities and other research institutions; (2) identifying social, economic, and military needs and requirements for weather information; (3) outlining methods for disseminating information to user communities; and (4) describing best practices for transferring Program research results to forecasting operations.
Proportionate Final Benefit Act of 2005 - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) of the Social Security Act to provide that: (1) an individual's entitlement to any OASDI benefit shall continue through the month of his or her death (without affecting any other person's entitlement to benefits for that month); and (2) the benefit shall be payable for such month only to the extent proportionate to the number of days in the month preceding the date of death.
Paperwork and Regulatory Improvements Act of 2005 - Amends the Paperwork Reduction Act to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to review information collection conducted by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to identify actions IRS can take to reduce the information collection burden imposed on small business concerns, and to include the results of such review in a specified annual report.

Amends the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to repeal specified exemptions from Paperwork Reduction Act requirements and certain other rulemaking requirements.

Amends the Truth in Regulating Act of 2000 to make permanent the authority of a chairman or ranking member of a congressional committee to request the Comptroller General to perform a regulatory analysis of an economically significant rule upon agency publication.

Amends the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act, 2001 to instruct the Director of OMB to require each agency annually to submit an estimate of the total annual costs and benefits of Federal rules and paperwork for the agency and each agency program.

Requires the Director to designate at least three agencies to participate in a study on regulatory budgeting for FY 2006 and 2007. Includes the regulatory budgets of the designated agencies as an alternative budget presentation. Requires a report on the study to be submitted to Congress.
Victims of Child Abuse Act Reauthorization Act of 2013 - Amends the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 to authorize appropriations for FY2014-FY2018 for: (1) the children's advocacy program; (2) grants from the Administrator of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention to develop and implement multidisciplinary child abuse investigation and prosecution programs; and (3) grants to national organizations to provide technical assistance and training to attorneys and others instrumental to the criminal prosecution of child abuse cases in state or federal courts, for the purpose of improving the quality of criminal prosecution of such cases.  Directs the Inspector General of the Department of Justice (DOJ) to conduct audits of grant recipients to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. Defines an "unresolved audit finding" as a finding in the final audit report of the Inspector General that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost and that is not closed or resolved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued and any appeal has been completed. Directs the Administrator to give priority for grants to eligible entities that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the three fiscal years prior to submitting an application for a grant. Disqualifies a grant recipient that is found to have an unresolved audit finding from receiving grant funds during the following two fiscal years. Directs the Administrator, if an entity is awarded grant funds during the two-fiscal-year period in which the entity is barred from receiving grants, to: (1) deposit an amount equal to the funds that were improperly awarded into the General Fund of the Treasury, and (2) seek to recoup the costs of the repayment to the fund from such entity.  Prohibits the Administrator from awarding a grant to a nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax on unrelated business income. Requires each nonprofit organization awarded a grant that uses prescribed procedures to create a rebuttable presumption of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees and key employees to disclose to the Administrator in the grant application the process for determining such compensation, the comparability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and decision. Prohibits amounts authorized to be appropriated to DOJ from being used by the Administrator, or by any individual or organization awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in DOJ funds, without prior written authorization by the Deputy Attorney General or other specified officials.
Native Act to Transform Imagery in Various Environments - Directs the Secretary of Education to make grants to elementary, secondary, and post-secondary schools to assist them in discontinuing the use of a name or depiction that is derogatory or discriminatory.

Requires the Secretary to make subsequent grants to schools that received grants to discontinue objectionable names or depictions and to Indian schools for construction or renovation.

Directs the Secretary to establish the Committee on Indian Relations within the Department of Education to: (1) determine which names and depictions are derogatory or discriminatory; (2) identify schools that use derogatory or discriminatory names or descriptions, and inform them of the availability of assistance in discontinuing their use; (3) assist the Secretary in awarding this Act's grants; and (4) provide cultural proficiency training at grantee schools.

Lists Indians, Redskins, Braves, and Chiefs as derogatory or discriminatory names or depictions.
Thorium Energy Security Act of 2010 - Amends the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish, and provide funds to, an office for the regulation of thorium fuel cycle nuclear power generation within the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) and an office of thorium-based fuel cycle research within the Department of Energy.

Directs the NRC Chairman to: (1) establish standards for the manufacture, testing, use, and management of spent thorium-based nuclear fuel; and (2) promulgate regulations for facilities and materials used in thorium-based fuel cycle nuclear power generation.

Directs the Secretary to implement demonstration projects for thorium-based nuclear power generation.

Directs the Secretary to report to Congress recommendations for: (1) strengthening international partnerships to advance nuclear nonproliferation through the design and deployment of thorium fuel cycle nuclear power generation; and (2) providing incentives to nuclear reactor operators to use proliferation-resistant, low-waste thorium fuels in lieu of other fuels.
School Bus Safety Act - Directs the Secretary of Transportation to prescribe Federal proficiency standards for school bus drivers who are required to possess a commercial driver's license to operate a school bus.  Requires the Secretary, in prescribing such standards, to authorize States to establish their own proficiency standards in lieu of the Federal standards if the Secretary determines they are as rigorous as the Federal standards.  Requires bus drivers to demonstrate their proficiency in operating a school bus in accordance with either the Federal or State standards. 
(Sec. 4) Directs the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to develop and disseminate guidelines on the safe transportation in school buses of children under the age of five. 
(Sec. 5) Amends Federal transportation law to require the Secretary to issue regulations applying Federal commercial motor carrier safety regulations to all interstate school operations by local educational agencies.  Directs the Secretary to develop an education program informing all local educational agencies that they must comply with such regulations when providing interstate transportation on a school bus to and from school-sanctioned and school-related activities. 
(Sec. 6) Requires the Secretary to begin a rulemaking process to determine the feasibility of certain safety and access requirements for school buses. 
(Sec. 7) Prohibits a local educational agency, and any contractor providing transportation services to such agency, from employing a person as a school bus driver before the completion of a background check in the national criminal history background check system. Requires State criminal background check procedures to meet the guidelines set forth in the National Child Protection Act of 1993. 
Declares that no local educational agency or contractor providing it with transportation services shall be liable in an action for damages on the basis of a criminal conviction of a person employed as a school bus driver if a criminal background check was conducted but the conviction was not disclosed. 
Authorizes State and Federal fees (not exceeding actual cost) for assistance in the conduct of such checks. 
(Sec. 8) Requires the Secretary to:  (1) issue a notice of proposed rulemaking with respect to minimum reporting criteria on traffic-related deaths and injuries under State highway safety programs; and (2) issue a final rule establishing such criteria. 
(Sec. 9) Directs the Secretary to enter into an agreement with the Transportation Research Board of the National Academy of Sciences to study and report to specified congressional committees on the safety issues attendant to transportation of school children to and from school and school-related activities by various transportation modes. 
(Sec. 10) Directs the Secretary to carry out a pilot program to assess the benefits of equipping school buses with Aaron Gordon type flight attendant double shoulder harness mechanisms or other safety restraint devices providing equal or greater passenger protection. Authorizes the Secretary to make grants to one school district for equipping school buses with such safety restraint devices. 
(Sec. 11) Authorizes appropriations.
Upper Mississippi River Basin Protection Act - (Sec. 3) Declares that it is the policy of Congress that federal investments in the Upper Mississippi River Basin must be guided by sound science.

Title I: Sediment and Nutrient Monitoring Network - (Sec. 101) Directs the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the United States Geological Survey (USGS), to establish a nutrient and sediment monitoring network for the Upper Mississippi River Basin as part of the Upper Mississippi River Stewardship Initiative.

(Sec. 102) Directs the Secretary to: (1) establish guidelines for the effective design of data collection and storage activities regarding sediment and nutrient monitoring, for the use of suitable and consistent methods for data collection, and for consistent reporting, data storage, and archiving practices; (2) inventory the sediment and monitoring efforts of governmental and nongovernmental entities for the purpose of creating a baseline understanding of overlap, data gaps, and redundancies and, on the basis of the inventory, integrate the monitoring efforts into the sediment and nutrient monitoring network; (3) collaborate with other public and private monitoring programs in establishing the network; and (4) report to Congress on the development of the network. (Sec. 106) Directs the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a water resources assessment of the Basin. Title II: Computer Modeling and Research - (Sec. 201) Requires the Director of the USGS, as part of the Initiative, to establish a computer modeling program to identify significant sources of nutrient and sediment in the Basin. (Sec. 202) Requires the Director to establish an Internet-based system to provide information regarding: (1) programs designed to reduce sediment and nutrient loss in the Basin; (2) nutrient and sediment levels in the Upper Mississippi River and its tributaries; and (3) successful sediment and nutrient reduction projects. (Sec. 203) Requires the Director to provide to Congress and make available to the public: (1) an annual report regarding monitoring activities conducted in the Basin; and (2) a progress report every three years regarding modeling activities. Title III: Authorization of Appropriations and Related Matters - (Sec. 301) Authorizes appropriations to: (1) USGS to carry out this Act, with one-third to be made available for the Cooperative Water Program and the remainder for the Hydrologic Networks and Analysis Program; and (2) National Research Council for the water resources assessment of the Basin.
Native American Telecommunications Act of 1997 - Amends the Communications Act of 1934 (the Act) to require the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to initiate a proceeding to develop and establish an official policy regarding the relations between FCC and American Indians (including Alaskan Natives).  Requires the policy to include procedures for giving Native Americans notice and the opportunity for meaningful participation and comment in any proceedings affecting tribal lands, including competitive bidding conducted for bands of frequencies in geographic coverage areas under the jurisdiction of tribal governments. 
Requires a review and revision as necessary of such policies at least every three years. 
Requires the FCC to exercise the authority of, and comply with the requirements of the Act on, State commissions with respect to the designation of eligible telecommunications carriers for, and of service areas within, any lands under the jurisdiction of a tribal government. 
Declares it to be a Federal responsibility to assure the availability of quality telecommunications services to Native Americans by means of universal service support mechanisms. 
Requires the FCC to:  (1) prescribe regulations necessary to obtain reliable statistics concerning the extent of subscribership to, and the affordability of, telecommunications on Indian lands; and (2) periodically review and summarize such data in its annual reports; and (3) take necessary actions to deliver universal telecommunications services to Native Americans at just, reasonable, and affordable rates. 
Amends the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act to make the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration responsible for designing and proposing policy initiatives to encourage investment in, and the deployment of, telecommunications systems on Indian lands.
EEOICPA Amendment Act of 2011 - Amends the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 to require the President to establish an Advisory Board on Toxic Substances and Worker Health.

Requires the Board to advise the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Energy (DOE), and the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) on the review and approval of the site exposure matrix (SEM) used to determine the eligibility of DOE contractor employee claims for compensation for illnesses resulting from exposure to toxic substances.
13th Regional Corporation Land Entitlement Act - Amends the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to set forth land selection rights of the 13th Regional Corporation.

Authorizes the Corporation, within five years, to select up to 1,453,388 acres from specified public lands and directs the Secretary of the Interior to convey to the Corporation the surface and subsurface estate of no more than 1,162,710 acres of the lands selected. Prohibits any selection within the geographical region of any other Alaska Native Regional Corporation without such Regional Corporation's written approval.

Sets forth: (1) limitations on lands that may be selected; (2) restrictions on rights, use, management, and sale of lands conveyed; and (3) requirements for timber and subsurface estate revenue sharing by the 13th Regional Corporation and the other 12 Regional Corporations.
Teacher Relief Act of 2001- Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) allow a deduction of up to $500 annually for qualified professional development expenses to an individual who is a kindergarten through grade 12 teacher, instructor, counselor, principal, or aide in an elementary or secondary school for at least 900 hours during a school year; and (2) allow a credit of up to $250 annually to such an individual who provides qualified classroom materials.
Saving Family Homes Act of 2008 - Grants eligible mortgagors subject to foreclosure proceedings the right to continue to occupy forclosed properties subject to the payment of fair market rent for a period of 20 years that begins upon the commencement of occupancy of such property.
Salt Cedar and Russian Olive Control Assessment and Demonstration Act - (Sec. 2) Directs the Secretary of of Agriculture, in cooperation with the Secretary of the Interior (the Secretaries) to assess the extent of Salt Cedar and Russian Olive invasion in the western United States (as defined by the 1902 Reclamation Act). Requires such assessment to include: (1) documentation of the quantity of water lost due to the infestation and of the quantity of water saved due to various control methods, including the portion of saved water that returns to surface water or groundwater supplies and at what rates; and (2) determination of the optimum control method for the various land types and land uses, of what conditions indicate the need to remove such growth and the optimal methods for disposal or use of such growth, and of the methods to prevent the regrowth and reintroduction of Salt Cedar and Russian Olive and to reestablish native species.

Directs the Secretaries to prepare and submit to specified congressional committees (the congressional committees) a report containing the results of such assessment and identifying: (1) long-term management and funding strategies that could be implemented by Federal, State, tribal, and private land managers and owners on all land management types to address the invasion of Salt Cedar and Russian Olive; and (2) deficiencies or areas for further study and where actual field demonstrations would be useful in the control effort.

Authorizes the Secretaries to make grants to institutions of higher education or nonprofit organizations (or both) with an established background and expertise in public policy issues associated with the control of Salt Cedar and Russian Olive in order to obtain technical experience, support, and recommendations related to the identification of the long-term management and funding strategies required to be included in such report. Limits each grant awarded to $250,000.

(Sec. 3) Directs the Secretaries, based on the assessment and report, to initiate a program of at least three demonstration projects in the western States designed to address deficiencies and areas for further study to address the invasion of Salt Cedar and Russian Olive, including the testing of additional control methods identified by such report.

Allows the Secretaries to enter into an agreement with a western State to carry out a project and, if the Secretaries select a demonstration project for implementation in national Forest System lands, makes the Secretary of Agriculture responsible for implementation of such project.

Requires projects to be designed with integrated methods and adaptive management strategies and carried out over time frames and spatial scales large enough to accomplish the goals laid out in the report. Provides that, before being carried out, the methods and strategies proposed for each project shall be subject to review by scientific experts, including non-Federal experts, selected by the Secretaries.

Limits the total cost of each project to $7 million, including planning, design, implementation, revegetation, maintenance, and monitoring costs. Allows the Secretaries to accept, but not require, in cases of projects conducted on lands under the jurisdiction of either Secretary, funds or in-kind contributions, including State agency provided services. Limits the Federal share of the costs of any activity on private lands funded under a project to 75 percent of the activity's total cost.

Requires projects to include: (1) documentation of the quantity of water saved due to various control methods, including the portion of water saved that returns to surface water or groundwater supplies and at what rates; and (2) optimal revegetative states to prevent regrowth and reintroduction of Salt Cedar and Russian Olive and to reestablish native species.

Requires the Secretaries to submit to the congressional committees annual reports on such projects.

(Sec. 4) Declares that nothing in this Act shall be construed to affect, or otherwise bias, use by the Secretaries of other statutory or administrative authorities to plan or conduct Salt Cedar or Russian Olive control and eradication.

(Sec. 5) Authorizes appropriations to the Secretaries to: (1) conduct the assessment; (2) award the grants specified above; and (3) carry out the program of demonstration projects specified above.
 Protecting Our Democracy Act  This bill establishes in the legislative branch the National Commission on Foreign Interference in the 2016 Election to examine any attempts or activities by the Russian government or other governments, persons or entities associated with such governments, or persons or entities within Russia to use electronic means to influence, interfere with, or sow distrust in elections for public office held in the United States in 2016.
Authorizes appropriations.Requires annual reports from the Center to Congress.Amends the National Underground Railroad Network to Freedom Act of 1998 to authorize the Secretary to make grants for the preservation and restoration of historic buildings or structures associated with the Underground Railroad and related research and documentation to sites, programs, or facilities that have been included in the national underground railroad network. Provides a matching funds requirement. Authorizes appropriations.
Young Americans Financial Literacy Act This bill requires the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to award competitive grants to eligible&nbsp;institutions for the establishment of centers of excellence to support research, development, implementation, and evaluation of effective financial-literacy education programs for young people and families. An &quot;eligible institution" is a partnership among two or more of the following:  an institution of higher education; a local educational agency; a nonprofit agency, organization, or association; or a financial institution. Authorized grant-funded activities shall include:  developing and implementing comprehensive, research-based, financial-literacy education programs for young people; designing instructional materials; developing and supporting the delivery of professional-development programs in financial-literacy education; improving access to, and dissemination of, financial-literacy information for young people and families; developing educational programs to reduce student-loan default rates; conducting ongoing research and evaluation of financial-literacy education programs; and measuring the effectiveness of authorized activities. The&nbsp;grant program&nbsp;shall terminate&nbsp;after FY2019.
Commission on the Advancement of Women in the Science and Engineering Work Forces Act - Establishes the Commission on the Advancement of Women in the Science and Engineering Work Forces. 
Prohibits:  (1) construing this Act to require any non-Federal entity to provide information to the Commission on such entity's personnel practices; and (2) using information obtained by the Commission from any entity in connection with any employment-related litigation. 
Terminates the Commission one year after submission of a report required by this Act. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Stipulates that if the California State University, Hayward, matches 20 percent of the funds that the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency provides to the California Urban Environmental Research and Education Center, the Administrator shall enter into a series of cooperative agreements with the University to provide continuing support for the Center. 
Declares the overall objective of the center to be to promote sustainable economic development throughout California by engaging in specified functions, including:  (1) developing an ongoing program of applied environmental research, education, and outreach that the Federal, State, and local governments and the private sector can use; (2) fostering of public-private partnerships to find solutions to environmental problems of California; (3) bringing together university and college researchers to focus on California's most important environmental problems; (4) supporting activities such as the coordination and funding of research activities for the collection and evaluation of data, the conduct of seminars and educational programs, the conduct of a national conference, and the development of bachelors and masters degree programs to prepare individuals for employment as environmental professionals; and (5) working with other university research centers provided funds by EPA to help establish a National Environmental Outreach Program to assist governments and the private sector in programs to promote environmentally sound economic development. 
Authorizes the Center to provide undergraduate scholarships for individuals studying in environmental fields, assistantships and fellowships for graduate students to encourage study in fields related to sustainable economic development, and research grants to faculty at universities and colleges. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Sewage Sludge in Food Production Consumer Notification Act of 2003 - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to classify a food as adulterated if it was produced, or contains any ingredient that was produced, on land on which sewage sludge was applied. Permits the following exceptions: (1) if the application of sewage sludge ended more than one year before the production of the food commenced; (2) if a labeling requirement is met; or (3) in the case of a food that is generally offered for sale without labeling, if an informative sign is posted near the product.Amends the Egg Products Inspection Act, the Federal Meat Inspection Act, and the Poultry Products Inspection Act to classify specified foods under those Acts as adulterated if sewage sludge was involved in specified ways in their production. Allows exceptions for each food similar to those to be permitted under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.States that nothing in this Act shall be construed to modify the prohibition under a specified Federal regulation on the use of sewage sludge in organic food production under the National Organic Program of the Department of Agriculture.
Social Security Fairness Act of 2002 - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) of the Social Security Act to: (1) provide that a monthly OASDI benefit shall be paid for the month in which the recipient dies, subject to a reduction of 50 percent if the recipient dies during the first 15 days of such month; and (2) increase the lump sum death payment.
Advancing Critical Connectivity Expands Service, Small Business Resources, Opportunities, Access, and Data Based on Assessed Need and Demand Act or the ACCESS BROADBAND Act (Sec. 2) This bill requires the Department of Commerce to establish the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth within the National Telecommunications and Information Administration. (Sec. 3) The office&nbsp;shall:  connect with communities that need access to high-speed Internet and improved digital inclusion efforts,  hold regional workshops to share best practices and effective strategies for promoting broadband access and adoption,  develop targeted broadband training and presentations for various demographic communities through media,  develop and distribute publications providing guidance to communities for expanding broadband access and adoption, and  track construction and use of and access to any broadband infrastructure built using federal support. The office must report annually: (1) a description of the office's work, (2) the number of U.S. residents who received broadband as result of federal broadband programs and the Universal Service Fund program, and (3) an estimate of the economic impact of such broadband deployment efforts on the local economy. (Sec. 4) The office shall consult with any agency offering a federal broadband support program in order to streamline the application process for financial assistance or grants and create one application that may be submitted to apply for all federal broadband support programs. (Sec. 5) The office, any agency that offers a federal broadband support program, and the Federal Communications Commission through the Universal Service Fund shall coordinate to ensure that broadband support is being distributed in an efficient, technology-neutral, and financially sustainable manner. (Sec. 7) No additional funds are authorized to carry out this bill.
Congressional Pay for Performance Act - Sets forth a formula by which the rate of basic pay for each Member of Congress will be reduced effective as of the first applicable pay period of the first calendar year beginning after the end of a fiscal year from FY 1996 through 2001 for which the Federal deficit exceeds the deficit target by more than $1 billion. 
Reduces such rate to zero if the Federal deficit for FY 2002 is $1 billion or greater, effective as of the first day of the first applicable pay period in calendar year 2003. 
Provides that if the Federal deficit for any of FY 1996 through 2001, inclusive, is less than $1 billion, each Member's salary shall be restored to the rate in effect as of December 31, 1995, and this Act shall cease to be effective. 
Requires, for purposes of this Act, the size of the Federal deficit for any fiscal year to be determined by the Congressional Budget Office (in writing):  (1) on the basis of the Final Monthly Treasury Statement of Receipts and Outlays of the Federal Government, published by the Department of the Treasury; and (2) excluding any increase in tax revenues, attributable to the fiscal year involved, which occurs by reason of any provision of law enacted after this Act's enactment. 
Provides that an individual's salary for the duration of his or her first term of office as a Member of Congress shall be determined as if this Act had never been enacted.   Provides for suspension of this Act in time of war. 
Repeals provisions of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 which provide for automatic annual pay adjustments for Members of Congress.
Student Support Act - Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to require the Secretary of Education to make matching grants of at least $1 million to states for allocation to local educational agencies (LEAs) so that additional school-based mental health and student service providers may be hired, thereby reducing the student-to-provider ratios in elementary and secondary schools to specified levels recommended by the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences.

Includes school counselors, school psychologists or other psychologists, child or adolescent psychiatrists, and school social workers among such providers.

Requires grants to states and state allocations to LEAs to be made pursuant to specified formulas that take into account a state's and school district's share of disadvantaged children.
Military and Veterans Education Protection Act - Amends title IV (Student Assistance) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require proprietary institutions of higher education to derive at least 10% of their revenue from sources other than title IV or federal educational assistance programs for military personnel and veterans, or become ineligible for title IV funding and participation in those programs. (Currently, this 90/10 rule requires these schools to derive at least 10% of their revenue from sources other than title IV or become ineligible for title IV funding.)
Hydropower Regulatory Efficiency Act of 2012 - (Sec. 3) Amends the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (PURPA) to increase from 5,000 to 10,000 kilowatts the size of small hydroelectric power projects which the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) may exempt from its license requirements.

 (Sec. 4) Amends the Federal Power Act to revise the limitation on the maximum installation capacity of qualifying conduit hydropower facilities that are eligible for an exemption from licensing requirements.

 Requires any person, state, or municipality proposing to construct a qualifying conduit hydropower facility to file with FERC a notice of intent to do so. Requires FERC, within 15 days after receiving such a notice of intent, to make an initial determination as to whether the facility meets the qualifying criteria.

Waives license requirements for any conduit hydroelectric facility that: (1) uses for electric power generation only the hydroelectric potential of a non-federally owned conduit, (2) has a maximum installed capacity of five megawatts, and (3) is not currently licensed or exempted from license requirements.

 Redefines "conduit" to specify any tunnel, canal, pipeline, aqueduct, flume, ditch, or similar manmade water conveyance operated for the distribution of water for agricultural, municipal, or industrial consumption and not primarily for the generation of electricity.

Authorizes FERC to exempt from license requirements any electric power generation facility that utilizes for such generation only the hydroelectric potential of a conduit, and has an installed capacity or 40 megawatts or fewer.

(Sec. 5) Authorizes FERC to extend the preliminary permit period for up to two additional years beyond the three years otherwise allowed if it finds that the permittee has implemented activities under the permit in good faith and with reasonable diligence.

 (Sec. 6) Directs FERC to: (1) investigate the feasibility of issuing a license for hydropower development at nonpowered dams and closed loop pumped storage projects during a two-year period, and (2) hold workshops and develop hydropower pilot projects.

(Sec. 7) Directs the Secretary of Energy (DOE) to study: (1) the technical flexibility that existing pumped storage facilities can provide to support intermittent renewable electric energy generation, including the potential for such facilities to be upgraded or retrofitted with advanced commercially available technology; and (2) the technical potential of existing pumped storage facilities and new advanced pumped storage facilities to provide grid reliability benefits.
First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act  (Sec. 2) Amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), in coordination with the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), for the purpose of domestic preparedness for and collective response to terrorism, to: (1) establish a program to provide surplus anthrax vaccines nearing the end of their labeled dates of use from the strategic national stockpile for administration to emergency response providers who are at high risk of exposure to anthrax and who voluntarily consent to such administration, (2) distribute disclosures regarding associated benefits and risks to end users, and (3) conduct outreach to educate emergency response providers about the program. Requires DHS to: (1) support homeland security-focused risk analysis and assessments of the threats posed by anthrax from an act of terror; (2) leverage homeland security intelligence capabilities and structures to enhance prevention, protection, response, and recovery efforts with respect to an anthrax terror attack; and (3) share information and provide tailored analytical support on threats posed by anthrax to state, local, and tribal authorities, as well as other national biosecurity and biodefense stakeholders. Directs DHS, in coordination with HHS, to carry out a 24-month pilot program to provide anthrax vaccines to emergency response providers. Requires DHS to: (1) establish a communication platform and education and training modules for such program, (2) conduct economic analysis of such program, (3) create a logistical platform for the anthrax vaccine request process, (4) select providers based in at least two states to participate, (5) provide to each participating provider disclosures and educational materials regarding the benefits and risks of any vaccine provided and of exposure to anthrax, and (6) submit annual reports on pilot program results and recommendations to improve pilot program participation. Requires the report to include a plan for continuation of the DHS program to provide vaccines to emergency response providers. 
Children's Recovery from Trauma Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and revise the National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative (NCTSI). Requires the NCTSI coordinating center to: (1) collect, analyze, and report NCTSI child outcome and process data for the purpose of establishing the effectiveness, implementation, and clinical utility of early identification and delivery of treatment and services delivered to children and families served by the NCTSI grantees; (2) oversee interprofessional training initiatives in treatments, interventions, and practices offered to NCTSI grantees and providers in all child-serving systems; and (3) collaborate with the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) in the dissemination of interventions, treatments, products, and other resources to all child-serving systems and policymakers.  Directs the Secretary to establish consensus-driven, in-person or teleconference review of NCTSI applications by child trauma experts and review criteria related to expertise and experience related to child trauma and evidence-based practices. Requires the Secretary, in awarding grants under NCTSI, to prioritize expertise and experience in the field of trauma-related disorders over geographic distribution of grantees.  Extends the duration of a grant from five years to six years. Gives expertise and experience in the field of trauma-related disorders priority for new and continuing awards.
Promoting Transparency in Trade Act This bill amends the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 to require the President to publish on a publicly available website the proposed U.S. text for a trade agreement regarding trade barriers before the start of a negotiating round and the considered text for such an agreement at the conclusion of each negotiating round. Congress may disapprove of trade authorities procedures (fast track) if the President has not published required negotiation texts for a proposed trade agreement. The bill amends the Trade Act of 1974 to direct the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) to ensure that the Chief Transparency Officer of the Office of the USTR does not have, or appear to have, any conflict of interest in ensuring the transparency of the activities of the Office, including trade negotiations.
Travel Regional Investment Partnership Act - Directs the Secretary of Commerce to establish a competitive grant program, administered by the Office of Travel and Tourism Industries, to award grants to eligible entities (such as a Convention and Visitors Bureau or a partnership between a state or local government and a local tourism entity) to promote domestic regional tourism growth and new domestic tourism market creation.
El Camino Real de los Tejas National Historic Trail Act of 2003 - Amends the National Trails System Act to designate El Camino Real de los Tejas as a National Historic Trail. Authorizes establishment of such trail on portions of the trail on: (1) publicly owned lands; and (2) privately owned lands only with the consent of the owner.
War Crimes Prosecution Facilitation Act of 1997 - Expresses the sense of the Congress that:  (1) reconciliation in Bosnia and Herzegovina cannot be achieved if indicted war criminals remain at large and refugees and displaced persons are unable to return to their homes; (2) the United States should ensure that multilateral and bilateral assistance is provided to the Dayton Agreement parties only if doing so would promote reconciliation as well as reconstruction, including the transfer of war criminals to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, the return of refugees and displaced persons, and freedom of movement; and (3) the Tribunal should continue to investigate and bring indictments against persons who have violated international humanitarian law. 
Prohibits foreign assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 or the Arms Export Control Act (except humanitarian or democratization assistance, or assistance for physical infrastructure projects) to:  (1) any country whose government fails to apprehend and transfer to the Tribunal persons who have been indicted by the Tribunal and are in their territory; (2) any program or activity in such country in which an indicted war criminal has any financial interest or through any organization with which the indicted person is affiliated; and (3) any program or activity in any country (other than emergency food, medical, or demining assistance) in which local authorities are not complying with certain articles of the Dayton Agreement. 
Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to instruct the U.S. executive directors of the international financial institutions to oppose, and vote against, any extension of any financial assistance or grants to such a country. 
Provides for a waiver of such sanctions if a majority of indicted persons within the country's territory have been arrested and transferred to the Tribunal.
Hoh Indian Tribe Safe Homelands Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to transfer certain federal and non-federal land to the Hoh Indian Tribe, to be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe. Prohibits on such land: (1) the placement of commercial, residential, or industrial buildings; (2) logging and hunting activities; or (3) gaming.
Notch Fairness Act of 2001 - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) of the Social Security Act to revise the formula for the computation of minimum Old Age Insurance benefits for individuals who reached age 65 in or after 1979 and to whom applies the 15-year transition period for the changes in benefit computation rules enacted in the Social Security Amendments of 1977.Sets forth a schedule of additional benefit increases for such beneficiaries (and related beneficiaries), with percentages declining from 55 percent to five percent and keyed to the year an individual became eligible for such benefits between 1979 and 1988.Allows such beneficiaries, in the alternative, to receive lump sum payments over four years totaling $5,000.Directs the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, when estimating any additional spending under the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act) resulting from this Act, to decrease the adjusted discretionary spending limits for budget authority and outlays for FY 2002 set forth in such Act by the increase in direct spending estimated to result from enactment of this Act for that fiscal year.
Civil Rights History Project Act of 2009 - Requires, within the limits of available funds, the Librarian of Congress and the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution (acting through the Director of the National Museum of African American History and Culture) to establish an oral history project to: (1) collect video and audio recordings of, and visual and written materials relevant to the personal histories of, participants in the Civil Rights movement; and (2) make the collection available for public use through the Library of Congress and the Museum.

Defines, for this Act, "Civil Rights movement" as the movement to secure racial equality in the United States for African Americans that, focusing on the period 1954 through 1968, challenged the practice of racial segregation in the nation and achieved equal rights legislation for all American citizens.

Encourages the Librarian and the Secretary to solicit and accept related donations of funds and in-kind contributions.

Authorizes appropriations.
Beach Protection Act of 2007 - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (popularly known as the Clean Water Act) to include among eligible grant activities the development and implementation of programs for source tracking, sanitary surveys, and prevention efforts to address the identified sources of beach water pollution. Authorizes appropriations for such grants for FY2007-FY2012.

Requires grant recipients to identify: (1) the use of a rapid testing method; (2) measures for communication within 24 hours of the results of a water sample concerning pollutants to specified officials and all state agencies with authority to require the prevention or treatment of the sources of beach water pollution; (3) measures to develop and implement a beach water pollution source identification and tracking program for the coastal recreation waters that are not meeting applicable water quality standards for pathogens; (4) a publicly accessible and searchable global information system database with information updated within 24 hours of its availability, organized by beach and with defined standards, sampling plan, monitoring protocols, sampling results, and number and cause of beach closing and advisory days; and (5) measures to ensure that closures or advisories are made or issued within 24 hours after a state government determines that its coastal recreation waters are not meeting applicable water quality standards for pathogens.

Sets forth provisions requiring: (1) a review by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator of state and local compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements and grant conditions; (2) corrective actions by such governments not in compliance; and (3) a review by the Comptroller General such compliance review and corrective action.

Amends the Beaches Environmental Assessment and Coastal Health Act of 2000 to authorize appropriations to carry out such Act through FY2012.
Bangladeshi Adjustment Act - Provides for the permanent resident status adjustment of certain Bangladesh nationals residing in the United States.
Gun Show Accountability Act - Amends the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to prohibit any person from organizing, planning, promoting, or operating a gun show without: (1) registering with the Secretary of the Treasury and paying a registration fee; (2) notifying the Secretary, at least 30 days in advance, of the date, time, duration, and location of the show; (3) submitting to the Secretary, at least 72 hours in advance, an updated list of all show vendors planning to participate; (4) first verifying the identity of each show vendor participating by examining a valid identification document containing a photograph of the vendor; (5) first requiring each vendor to sign a ledger with identifying information and a notice advising the vendor of his or her obligations; (6) notifying each attendee of requirements under the Act; (7) submitting to the Secretary, at least five days after the end of the show, a copy of the ledger and notice; and (8) maintaining a copy of the records described above at the permanent place of business of the show promoter for such period of time and in such form as the Secretary shall require. 
Sets forth provisions regarding: (1) responsibilities of transferors and transferees other than licensees, including criminal background check requirements; and (2) records of licensee transfers. 
Sets penalties for violations of this Act. 
Authorizes the Secretary to enter during business hours the place of business of any show promoter and any place where a show is held for purposes of examining required records and the inventory of licensees conducting business at the show, without a showing of reasonable cause or a warrant. 
Increases penalties for: (1) serious recordkeeping violations by licensees; and (2) violations of criminal background check requirements.
Safety, Accountability, and Funding Efficiency for Transportation Act of 2003 - Requires government agencies to prepare cost benefit analyses before entering any private contract of $100,000 or more to procure private sector architectural, engineering, and related services for a surface transportation project.

Prescribes components of such cost benefit analysis, as well as accompanying materials including the performance history and political contribution history of the private contractor.

 Prescribes procedural guidelines for mandatory public disclosure of the results of such cost-benefit analysis.
Seniors Mental Health Access Improvement Act of 2001 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act (SSA), as amended by the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000, to provide for coverage under Medicare part B (Supplementary Medical Insurance) of marriage and family therapist services generally, particularly services provided in rural health clinics and in hospice programs.Amends SSA title XVIII part D (Miscellaneous) to provide for the exclusion of such services from the skilled nursing facility prospective payment system.Authorizes marriage and family therapists to develop discharge plans for post-hospital services.
National Commission on the Modernization of the United Nations Act of 2005 - Establishes the National Commission on the Modernization of the United Nations to study: (1) the extent of modernization of the organizational structure and practices of the United Nations (UN) that can be effectuated with and without changes to its Charter; (2) the principles to which member states should adhere and the consequences of a state espousing and enforcing values counter to the Charter; (3) the feasibility of mandating each member state to agree to adhere to the principles of UN membership, and to review the principles of the UN to determine whether the state should withdraw if the UN is not adhering to the Charter; (4) whether all states should have one vote in the General Assembly and whether the UN should be structured in a bicameral fashion; (5) whether auxiliary commissions and organizations of the UN should be funded by member dues, whether such entities drain resources away from the primary function of the UN, or whether member states can create and fund caucuses to deal with matters of common interest; (6) whether the UN should have a separate peacekeeping force, while identifying successes of past peacekeeping and humanitarian efforts; and (7) the credibility of resolutions when the UN does not mandate absolute obedience.

Terminates the Commission 15 days after submission of its final report.
Outlines introduction, referral, and consideration procedures for approval of the bill.
Phantom Fuel Reform Act This bill amends the Clean Air Act to revise the renewable fuel standard program. Beginning on January 1, 2015, the renewable fuel that is required to be blended into gasoline must be advanced biofuel, which cannot be ethanol derived from corn starch. This bill revises the renewable fuel standards by decreasing the total volume of renewable fuel that must be contained in gasoline sold or introduced into commerce for years 2015 through 2022. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) must determine the target amount of cellulosic biofuel to be blended into transportation fuel based on the actual volume of cellulosic biofuel produced in the current year.  The EPA must reduce the required volume of renewable fuel in transportation fuel by the same volume of cellulosic biofuel in the fuel.  Cellulosic biofuel does not include any compressed natural gas, liquefied natural gas, or electricity used to power electric vehicles that is produced from biogas from a landfill, a municipal wastewater treatment facility digester, an agricultural digester, or a separated municipal solid waste digester.
Creating Access to Rides Act - Amends title IV (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families) (TANF) of the Social Security Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Serivces to award grants to States, counties, localities, Indian tribes or tribal organizations, and nonprofit entities to promote programs that provide assistance with ownership by low-income families of dependable, affordable automobiles to improve their employment opportunities and access to training.

Authorizes the use of funds in TANF individual development accounts for automobile ownership, maintenance, and insurance.
Albuquerque Indian School Land Transfer Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to take into trust 4 tracts of federal land in New Mexico, the combined acreage of which is approximately 11.11 acres, that were historically part of the Albuquerque Indian School for the benefit of 19 specified pueblos immediately after the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA) have been satisfied regarding the trust acquisition of such federal land.  Instructs the Secretary to: (1) take such action as determined to be necessary to document such transfer, and (2) appropriately assign each applicable private and municipal utility and service right or agreement.  Requires the federal lands taken into trust to be used for the educational, health, cultural, business, and economic development of the 19 pueblos.  Requires the federal lands taken into trust to remain subject to any private or municipal encumbrance, right-of-way, restriction, easement of record, or utility service agreement in effect on this Act's enactment date.  Requires the 19 pueblos to allow the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) to continue to use the federal lands taken into trust for the facilities and purposes as in existence on this Act's enactment date.  Prohibits any class I, class II, or class III gaming from being carried out on the federal lands taken into trust under this Act.
Oroville-Tonasket Claim Settlement and Conveyance Act - Approves the Settlement Agreement between the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation and the Oroville-Tonasket Irrigation District.  Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to conduct all necessary and appropriate investigations, studies, and required Federal actions to implement the Agreement. 
Provides for consideration by the District to the United States and U.S. responsibilities under such Agreement. 
Authorizes the Secretary to convey to the District all U.S. rights and interest in District project irrigation works.  Provides that the transfer of title shall not affect the timing or obligation amount of the Bonneville Power Administration for the repayment of Federal construction costs that the Secretary has determined to be beyond the ability of irrigators to pay.  Directs the Secretary to retain title to the Wildlife Mitigation Facilities.  Terminates certain prior contracts upon such conveyance. 
Continues the District's obligation to deliver water to Indian trust lands upon request. 
Provides liabilities of the District upon conveyance of the irrigation works. 
Terminates upon the completion of the transfer specified mandates imposed upon the irrigation works under prior reclamation laws. 
Deauthorizes upon completion of the transfer the Chief Joseph Dam Project of the Oroville-Tonasket Unit Extension, Washington.
Permits continuation of collection and communications activities during the period of initial notice of debt unless the consumer requests cessation of such activities.
Expands the scope of debt collector's civil liability for noncompliance to include any series of class actions arising out of the same violations by the same debt collector.
Adds to the mandatory factors for court consideration of debt collector's liability for noncompliance the amount of actual damages awarded.
Shields a debt collector from liability for a violation resulting from good faith compliance with either Federal or State rules of civil procedure or a nonjudicial foreclosure proceeding.
Prescribes guidelines under which a servicer of a federally related mortgage loan secured by a first lien is exempt from requirements pertaining to: (1) certain false or misleading representations to the consumer in connection with debt collection; or (2) debt validation activities. Requires such servicer to provide to the consumer, at least 30 days before an acceleration of the debt, a validation statement or a notice of the consumer's right to receive a validation statement.
Federal Property Low Hanging Fruit Act  This bill authorizes the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Energy, and the General Services Administration (covered agencies) to develop and carry out a plan to enter into agreements with eligible entities (defined to include a limited liability company, limited partnership, corporation, business trust, or nonprofit entity) to: (1) lease underutilized or excess federal real properties; and (2) develop, rehabilitate, or renovate facilities on such leased properties for the benefit of such agencies. Each covered agency shall identify between 5 and 10 federal real properties to be offered for lease under such agreements. Each agreement shall: (1) have as its primary purpose the enhancement of the functional and economic efficiency of federal real property; and (2) provide a fair market value lease option to the United States to occupy space in the facilities acquired, constructed, or rehabilitated under the agreement but shall not guarantee occupancy by the United States.  A covered agency may: (1) provide services to the eligible entity that is party to the agreement, and (2) retain and use any revenues derived from such agreements for federal property management activities. The plan of a covered agency shall: (1) identify the federal real properties that the agency proposes to make available under such agreements, and (2) include project performance measures. A covered agency must submit to Congress: (1) all agreements to be entered into under the agency's plan within 3 years after enactment of this bill; and (2) the final draft of each agreement at least 30 days before entering into it.  The Government Accountability Office shall submit to Congress reports on the effectiveness of the public-private agreement pilot program under this bill.
Children's Hospitals Education Equity and Research (CHEER) Act of 2005 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make payments through FY 2010 (currently, through FY 2005) to children's hospitals for expenses associated with operating approved graduate medical residency training programs.

Excludes reductions for unused resident positions when calculating the number of full-time residents in a children's hospital's approved training program for purposes of reimbursing direct expenses.

Requires the Secretary to adjust the proportion of such a hospital's costs attributable to wages for differences in hospital wage levels by geographic area.

Authorizes appropriations through FY 2010 for direct and indirect expenses associated with operating such programs.

Requires that funds appropriated for such programs for a fiscal year remain available for obligation through the end of the succeeding fiscal year.

Limits the ability to recoup funds unless a demand for recoupment is made by the end of the fiscal year.

Sets forth an appeals procedure and limitations on retroactivity for decisions affecting the amount of payments to a hospital for such programs.
Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act  (Sec. 3) This bill authorizes the President to impose U.S. entry and property sanctions against any foreign person (or entity) who:   is responsible for extrajudicial killings, torture, or other gross violations of internationally recognized human rights committed against individuals in any foreign country seeking to expose illegal activity carried out by government officials, or to obtain, exercise, or promote human rights and freedoms;  acted as an agent of or on behalf of a foreign person in such activities;  is a government official or senior associate of such official responsible for, or complicit in, ordering or otherwise directing acts of significant corruption, including the expropriation of private or public assets for personal gain, corruption related to government contracts or the extraction of natural resources, bribery, or the facilitation or transfer of the proceeds of corruption to foreign jurisdictions; or   has materially assisted or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services in support of, such activities.   The authority to block and prohibit transactions in property and property interests shall not include the authority to impose sanctions on the importation of goods (any article, natural or man made substance, material, supply or manufactured product, including inspection and test equipment, excluding technical data).  The President shall, after receiving a request from the chairperson and ranking member of one of the appropriate congressional committees with respect to whether a foreign person has engaged in a prohibited activity:    determine if the person has engaged in such an activity; and   report to the chairperson and ranking member whether or not the President imposed or intends to impose specified sanctions against the person.   Sanctions shall not apply to an individual as necessary for law enforcement purposes, or to comply with the Agreement between the United Nations (U.N.) and the United States regarding the U.N. Headquarters or other applicable international obligations of the United States.  The President may terminate sanctions under specified conditions. The Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor may submit to the Department of State the names of foreign persons who may meet the sanctions criteria. (Sec. 4) The President shall report to Congress annually regarding each foreign person sanctioned, the type of sanctions imposed, and the reason for their imposition.
Theodore Roosevelt Commemorative Coin Act - (Sec. 3) Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue $1 silver coins: (1) emblematic of the life and legacy of President Theodore Roosevelt, bearing his image as a Rough Rider on one side and an eagle design on the other side; and (2) bearing his image on horseback on one side and depicting a flaming sword of righteousness on the other side.

Expresses the sense of Congress that the coins should be struck at the U.S. Mint at West Point, New York.

(Sec. 5) Authorizes the Secretary to: (1) issue such coins beginning on January 1, 2006; and (2) initiate coin sales before such date. (2006 will mark the 100th anniversary of Roosevelt's award of the Nobel Peace Prize.)

(Sec. 7) Requires payment of $10 surcharges from the coin sales to: (1) the Theodore Roosevelt Association, to be used exclusively for educational programs at Sagamore Hill National Historic Site, including a visitor's center; and (2) the Theodore Roosevelt Medora Foundation, to be used exclusively for educational programs at and around the Theodore Roosevelt National Park, including construction of the Theodore Roosevelt Badlands Institute in the badlands of North Dakota.

Requires that: (1) 70 % of surcharges received be paid to the Theodore Roosevelt Association; and (2) 30 % of surcharges received be paid to the Theodore Roosevelt Medora Foundation.

(Sec. 8) Authorizes the Secretary to continue to issue, after December 31, 2005, numismatic items that contain 5-cent coins minted in the years 2004 and 2005.

(Sec. 9) Amends the Lewis and Clark Expedition Bicentennial Commemorative Coin Act to instruct the Secretary to distribute one-half of surcharge proceeds to the National Council of the Lewis and Clark Bicentennial, and one-half to the Missouri Historical Society.

Requires that funds that remain unexpended by the National Council of the Lewis and Clark Bicentennial or the Missouri Historical Society as of June 30, 2007, be transferred to the Lewis and Clark Trail Heritage Foundation to establish a trust for the stewardship of the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail.
United States Financial Policy Committee For Fair Capital Standards Act - Establishes an inter-agency United States Financial Policy Committee to develop uniform U.S. positions on proposals made to, and issues before, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision that, if implemented, may directly or indirectly affect U.S. financial institutions.

Prohibits any Federal banking agency from agreeing to any proposed recommendation of the Basel Committee before the agency reports on it to the Congress.

Requires such agencies, before reporting to Congress with respect to the New Basel Capital Accord, as revised through the Third Consultative Paper published on April 29, 2003, or any subsequent revisions or final agreement, to evaluate its impact, taking specified factors into account.
Consumer Price Index for Elderly Consumers Act of 2005 - Directs the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor to prepare and publish a monthly Consumer Price Index for Elderly Consumers (CPI) that indicates changes over time in expenditures for consumption which are typical for individuals aged 62 years of age or older. Authorizes appropriations.

Amends titles II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) and XVIII (Medicare) to provide for the use of such new CPI in the computation of cost-of-living increases for Social Security and Medicare benefits under such programs.
Health Information Independence Act - Prevents the Federal Government from restricting the distribution of a dietary supplement or other nutritional food because the manufacturer makes health claims unapproved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) if: (1) the product has a label clearly stating that its health claims are not FDA-approved; (2) the FDA lacks evidence establishing probable cause that the claims contain misleading information posing a threat to the safety and well-being of those who use the product. Requires an independent review of a determination by the FDA that there is such probable cause.

Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to extend certain food nutrition labeling requirements to dietary supplements. Requires nutrition labels to include the relationship of a nutrient to the prevention, treatment, or cure of a disease.

Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to solicit independent scientific reviewers from the university community to review, evaluate, and make recommendations regarding particular health claims, based on the scientific evidence available. Excludes health claims only if they are unsupported by credible scientific evidence and no disclaimer could eliminate potentially misleading connotations. Makes recommendations of such reviewers binding on the Secretary and reviewable only by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Requires costs of this program to be offset against the operating budget of the Department of Health and Human Services.
Directs the President to establish a primary mechanism to assist the private sector in coordinating U.S. development programs with private sector investment activities.   Directs the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) to direct their respective policy and country teams to include private sector consultation in all country, sector, and global development strategies.
Renewable Fuel Equity Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to expand the renewable resources credit to include geothermal and solar energy, incremental hydropower and biomass (other than closed-loop biomass).Sets forth qualifying dates of service for facilities using such means to produce electricity.Expands the investment tax credit to include equipment used to produce electricity from certain renewable resources.
Boys Town Centennial Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue up to 50,000 $5 gold coins, 350,000 $1 silver coins, and 300,000 half-dollar clad coins to commemorate the centennial of the founding of Father Flanagan's Boys Town. Requires the design of the coins to be emblematic of the 100 years of Boys Town, one of the largest nonprofit child care agencies in the United States. Permits issuance of such coins only between January 1, 2017, and December 31, 2017. Subjects all coin sales to specified surcharges, which shall be paid to the Treasury for the purposes of reducing the national debt. Directs the Secretary to ensure that: (1) minting and issuing such coins will not result in any net cost to the federal government; and (2) no funds, including surcharges, will be disbursed to Boys Town until the total cost of designing and issuing all authorized coins is recovered by the Treasury. 
Strengthening Oversight of Iran's Access to Finance Act (Sec. 3) This bill sets forth reporting requirements with respect to the export of commercial passenger aircrafts to Iran. The Department of the Treasury must report on financial institutions conducting transactions regarding such exports. Additionally, Treasury must determine if such transactions pose a risk relating to money laundering, terrorism, or other sanctionable activities. The President may waive the requirements of this bill under certain circumstances.  
Diabetic Retinopathy Prevention Act of 2005 - Amends Title XVIII (Medicare) and Title XIX (Medicaid) of the Social Security Act to expand Medicare and Medicaid coverage to include remote assessment of diabetic retinopathy (a diagnostic examination that is provided no more than annually to an individual who has been diagnosed with diabetes, that meets technical standards set forth by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, that is furnished via a telecommunications system to an eligible patient, and that is conducted under the supervision of a board-certified ophthalmologist with retinal fellowship training).

Requires the Secretary to study and report to Congress on the costs incurred by health care providers to provide such assessment.

Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary to: (1) establish the Mobile Diabetic Retinopathy Screening Pilot Program to make five grants to eligible entities to establish mobile diabetic retinopathy screening programs; (2) give priority to entities with relevant experience who propose to serve rural, impoverished, unserved, minority, and remote populations; and (3) convene an advisory committee to evaluate the Program.
Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act - Amends the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 to specify that an unlawful employment practice is established when the complaining party demonstrates that age or participation in investigations, proceedings, or litigation under such Act was a motivating factor for any practice, even though other factors also motivated the practice (thereby allowing what are commonly known as "mixed motive" claims). Permits a complaining party to rely on any type or form of admissible evidence, which need only be sufficient for a reasonable trier of fact to find that an unlawful practice occurred. Declares that a complaining party shall not be required to demonstrate that age or retaliation was the sole cause of a practice (thereby rejecting the Supreme Court decision in Gross v. FBL Financial Services, Inc., which requires a complainant to prove that age was the "but-for" cause for the employer's decision). Authorizes the court, on a claim in which an individual demonstrates that age was a motivating factor for any employment practice and in which a respondent demonstrates that the same action would have been taken in the absence of the impermissible motivating factor, to grant declaratory relief, injunctive relief, and attorney's fees and costs directly attributable only to the pursuit of a claim. Prohibits the court in such an instance from awarding damages or issuing an order requiring any admission, reinstatement, hiring, promotion, or payment. Applies the same standard of proof to other employment discrimination and retaliation claims, including claims under the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and similar laws concerning federal employees.
Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2004, Part V - Extends Federal highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, and transit programs for seven months, and authorizes appropriations, through May 31, 2005.

Directs the Secretary of Transportation to: (1) apportion funds made available for Federal-aid highway programs under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (TEA-21) to each State according to the ratio of the State's FY 2004 obligation authority to the FY 2004 obligation authority for all States; and (2) ensure that each State is apportioned funds for the Interstate maintenance program, the National Highway System program, the bridge program, the surface transportation program, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program, the recreational trails program, the Appalachian development highway system program, and the minimum guarantee.

 Sets forth provisions: (1) for reducing future apportionments, and for recovering funds not apportioned, under a multi-year law reauthorizing the Federal-aid highway program that is enacted after enactment of this Act; (2) prohibiting after May 31, 2005, the obligation of any Federal-aid highway program funds until the date of enactment of a multi-year law reauthorizing such program that is enacted after enactment of this Act; and (3) prohibiting a State from transferring after May 31, 2005, unobligated Federal-aid highway funds from amounts apportioned to it for the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program and the surface transportation program.

Authorizes appropriations through May 31, 2005, for specified Federal-aid highway programs, highway safety programs, the Motor Carrier Safety Administration program, Federal transit programs, and sport fishing and boating safety programs.

Amends the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act) and TEA-21, respectively, to set related discretionary spending limits and obligation limitations for FY 2005.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to extend authorization for the use of the Highway Trust Fund (including the mass transit account) and the Aquatic Resources Trust Fund for obligations under TEA-21.

Amends the Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2003 to extend highway programs through end of FY 2004.

Amends TEA-21 to authorize appropriations for the high priority projects program through May 31, 2005 (including specified allocation percentages for such projects for FY 2004 through 2009).
Fairness in Punitive Damage Awards Act - Limits punitive damage awards in civil actions brought in Federal or State court that affect interstate commerce, charitable or religious activities, or implicate rights or interests that may be protected by the Congress under the 14th Amendment, where such damages are sought for harm that did not result in death, serious and permanent physical scarring or disfigurement, loss of a limb or organ, or serious and permanent physical impairment of an important bodily function. 
Permits punitive damages, to the extent permitted by applicable State law, to be awarded against:  (1) a person in such a case only if the claimant establishes that the harm that is the subject of the action was proximately caused by such person; and (2) a qualified charity only if the claimant established by clear and convincing evidence that the harm was proximately caused by an intentionally tortious act of such charity. 
Makes this Act inapplicable to any person in such action if the misconduct for which punitive damages are awarded:  (1) occurred at a time when the defendant was under the influence of intoxicating alcohol or any drug that may not lawfully be sold without a prescription and had been taken by the defendant other than in accordance with the terms of a lawful prescription; or (2) constitutes a crime of violence, an act of terrorism, a hate crime, or a felony sexual offense, for which the defendant has been convicted in any court. 
(Sec. 5) Limits the amount of punitive damages that may be awarded to a claimant in any civil action that is subject to this Act:  (1) to the greater of three times the amount awarded to the claimant for economic loss or $250,000; or (2) for an individual whose net worth does not exceed $500,000 or against an owner of an unincorporated business, or any partnership, corporation, association, unit of local government, or organization that has fewer than 25 full-time employees, to the lesser of three times the amount awarded to the claimant for economic loss or $250,000. 
Directs that these limitations be applied by the court and not be disclosed to the jury. 
(Sec. 7) Denies the U.S. district courts jurisdiction pursuant to this Act based on Federal provisions regarding Federal question jurisdiction, or commerce and antitrust regulations and amount in controversy.
Rapid Pathogen Identification to Delivery of Cures Act - Amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretaries of Homeland Security, Health and Human Services, and Defense to submit a report setting forth a strategy to reduce the time frame from the identification of a pathogen to the development and emergency approval of a safe and effective countermeasure, which should include: (1) technical impediments to reducing this time frame; (2) research, development, and technology needs to address these impediments; (3) existing efforts to address such needs; (4) a proposal to establish a coordinated and integrated Federal program to address such needs; and (5) potential liability concerns stemming from distribution of rapidly developed priority countermeasures.

Allows the Secretary of Homeland Security to contract with any firm or institution to conduct research and analysis needed for this report.

Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a system to rapidly: (1) establish clinical research programs to examine the safety and efficacy of treatments for novel, unknown, or bioengineered pathogens; and (2) disseminate results and recommendations to clinicians. Authorizes establishment of a fund to support such clinical research.

Amends the Public Health Service Act to add the Secretary of Homeland Security to the working group on bioterrorism and to require the working group to assist in developing such a strategy.

Requires the Secretaries of Health and Human Services, Defense, and Homeland Security to conduct programs to develop the capability to rapidly identify, develop, produce, and approve countermeasures.
Border Tax Equity Act of 2009 - Requires the United States Trade Representative (USTR) to certify to Congress whether or not U.S. objectives for revision of World Trade Organization (WTO) rules on border tax treatment of goods and services from countries with indirect tax systems have been met in WTO negotiations.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to impose a tax on imports of goods and services from any foreign country that employs an indirect tax system and grants rebates of indirect taxes paid on goods or services exported from that country. Requires deposit of such taxes into a special account.

Requires the Secretary of Homeland Security (DHS), acting through the Commissioner responsible for the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection, upon request of a U.S. exporter, to grant a rebate from this special account to an exporter of goods or services from the United States to such a foreign country of the equivalent of any indirect taxes the foreign country imposes or applies to such goods and services at its border, with certain adjustments.
North American Energy Infrastructure Act - Prohibits any person from constructing, connecting, operating, or maintaining a cross-border segment of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility at the national boundary of the United States for the import or export of oil, natural gas, or electricity to or from Canada or Mexico without obtaining a certificate of crossing under this Act.  Requires the Secretary of State, with respect to oil pipelines, or the Secretary of Energy (DOE), with respect to electric transmission facilities, to issue a certificate of crossing for the cross-border segment within 120 days after final action is taken under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, unless it is not in U.S. public interest. Directs DOE, as a condition of issuing a certificate, to require that the cross-border segment be constructed, connected, operated, or maintained consistent with specified policies and standards.  Amends the Natural Gas Act to require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to approve within 30 days after receipt any application for the importation or exportation of natural gas to or from Canada or Mexico.  Declares that no presidential permit shall be necessary for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility, including any cross-border segment.
Recognizes that, because of the Wilderness Area's proximity to the U.S.-Mexican international border, drug interdiction, border operations, and wildland fire management operations need to continue so long as they are conducted in accordance with the Wilderness Act and any conditions the Secretary of the Interior considers appropriate.
Declares that such designation is not intended to lead to the creation of protective buffer zones around the Wilderness.
Poverty Measurement Improvement Act This bill requires the Bureau of the Census, for each of FY2017-FY2027, in order to more accurately determine the extent of poverty in the United States and the anti-poverty effectiveness of federal means-tested benefit and tax programs, to conduct a new survey of income and poverty in the United States and supplement and verify the information obtained using data from the most recent available Current Population Survey (CPS), data furnished by state and federal agencies that administer such benefits, and income tax data.  The Bureau shall produce tables and graphs showing for each year the poverty rates and related data calculated using the survey responses and other data collected, including:   the total family income for survey respondents (the sum of all money income and federal means-tested benefits minus state and federal income and payroll taxes of household members);   a breakdown of the amount of income taxes and payroll taxes paid by survey respondents; and   for 2018 and subsequent years, poverty rates calculated using updated poverty thresholds.  For 2018 and subsequent years, the Bureau shall adjust the poverty thresholds for determining poverty rates by using the personal consumer expenditure price index. The Bureau shall create a database that contains data from the survey, data from the most recent available CPS, and data furnished by administering agencies. The bill applies specified security, disclosure, and confidentiality restrictions to personally identifiable information obtained under this bill and makes data contained in a response to a survey conducted pursuant to this bill inadmissible as evidence in any court or agency proceeding.  The bill requires: (1) state administering agencies to report to federal administering agencies on federal means-tested benefits received by each household, (2) the Bureau to provide summary statistics comparing income levels to consumption habits of respondents to the Consumer Expenditure Survey, and (3) the Government Accountability Office to submit a report comparing the income measure created under this bill to the income measure used by the Bureau for calculating the supplemental poverty measure.
Sudan Peace Act - (Sec. 4) Condemns violations of human rights on all sides of the conflict in Sudan (including the Government of Sudan), the ongoing slave trade there, the Government's use and organization of "murahalliin" (or "mujahadeen"), Popular Defense Forces (PDF), and regular Sudanese Army units into raiding and slaving parties in Bahr al Ghazal, the Nuba Mountains, Upper Nile, and Blue Nile regions, and its aerial bombardment of civilian targets. Recognizes that the use of raiding and slaving parties is a tool for creating food shortages as a systematic means to destroy the societies, culture, and economies of the Dinka, Nuer, and Nuba peoples in a policy of low-intensity ethnic cleansing.(Sec. 5) Authorizes the President to provide increased assistance to areas of Sudan that are not controlled by the Government of Sudan to prepare the population for peace and democratic governance. Authorizes appropriations for FY 2003 through 2005.(Sec. 6) Declares that Congress recognizes that: (1) a single, viable internationally and regionally sanctioned peace process holds the greatest opportunity to promote a negotiated, peaceful settlement to the war in Sudan; and (2) resolution to the conflict there is best made through a peace process based on the Declaration of Principles reached in Nairobi, Kenya, on July 20, 1994, and on the Machakos Protocol in July 2002. Commends the efforts of Special Presidential Envoy, Senator Danforth, and his team in working to assist the parties to the conflict in Sudan in finding a just, permanent peace to the conflict in Sudan.Requires the President to take specified actions against Sudan if the President determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the Government of Sudan has not engaged in good faith negotiations with the Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM) to achieve a peace agreement, or is not in compliance with the terms of any negotiated peace agreement with the SPLM. Requires specified reports to Congress.(Sec. 7) Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) the United Nations (UN) should help facilitate peace and recovery in Sudan; and (2) the President should seek to end the Government of Sudan's veto power over relief flight plans by Operation Lifeline Sudan (OLS) and take appropriate measures to end slavery and aerial bombardment of civilians by the Government of Sudan.(Sec. 8) Directs the Secretary of State to report annually to the appropriate congressional committees on the conflict in Sudan.(Sec. 9) Declares the sense of Congress that the President should continue to increase the use of non-OLS agencies in relief supply distribution in southern Sudan. Requires the President to submit a progress report to the appropriate congressional committees.(Sec. 10) Directs the President to develop a contingency plan to provide, outside UN auspices, the greatest amount of U.S. Government and privately donated relief to all affected areas in Sudan, including the Nuba Mountains, Upper Nile, and the Blue Nile regions, in the event the Government of Sudan imposes a ban on OLS air transport relief flights. Authorizes the President to reprogram up to 100 percent of funds for OLS operations for purposes of such contingency plan.(Sec. 11) Directs the Secretary to collect information and report to the appropriate congressional committees about possible war crimes by all parties to the conflict in Sudan, including slavery, rape, and aerial bombardment of civilian targets.
Next Generation Hispanic Serving Institutions - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to revise provisions for Hispanic-serving institutions (HSIs) under title V (Developing Institutions).

Establishes a program of competitive grants to eligible HSIs that offer postbaccalaureate certifications or degrees (part B grants). Limits a part B grant award's duration to not more than five years. Prohibits the Secretary of Education from awarding more than one part B grant to an HSI in any one fiscal year.

Authorizes appropriations for FY 2005 through FY 2009 for: (1) the current part A program of grants to HSIs that offer baccalaureate degrees or are junior or community colleges; and (2) the new part B program of grants to HSIs that offer postbaccalaureate certifications or degrees.

Eliminates the requirement that an eligible HSI provide assurances that at least 50 percent of its Hispanic students be low-income students.

Includes, among authorized activities under part A grants, articulation agreements and student support programs to help transfers from two-year to four-year institutions.

Eliminates the two-year wait-out period between any two five-year part A grants to an HSI.
Fracturing Regulations are Effective in State Hands Act  This bill gives states the sole authority to promulgate or enforce any regulation, guidance, or permit requirement regarding hydraulic fracturing on or under any land within their boundaries. Hydraulic fracturing or fracking is a process to extract underground resources such as oil or gas from a geologic formation by injecting water, a propping agent (e.g., sand), and chemical additives into a well under enough pressure to fracture the geological formation. Hydraulic fracturing on federal land must comply with the law of the state in which the land is located.
Canadian River Project Prepayment Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to convey to the Canadian River Municipal Water Authority, Texas, the Canadian River Project, subject to:  (1) the Authority accepting the obligations of the United States for the Project; and (2) Authority payment of a specified amount, within one year after enactment of this Act, which shall extinguish all payment obligations under a current contract. 
Provides continued Federal authority for the operation of recreation and flood control in the Lake Meredith area. 
Requires the Authority to have full responsibility for the operation and maintenance of the Sanford Dam, as well as Project pipeline and related facilities.
Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians Land Exchange Act of 2002 - Requires the Secretary of the Interior to exchange the Ravensford tract, currently in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park and the Blue Ridge Parkway, for the Yellow Face tract adjacent to the Waterrock Knob Visitor Center on the Blue Ridge Parkway.

Requires the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians (Eastern Band) to deed the Yellow Face tract to the United States. Declares the Ravensford tract, upon completion of the exchange, including all improvements and appurtenances, to be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Eastern Band as part of the Cherokee Indian Reservation. Prohibits gaming on the Ravensford tract.
Healthy Early Education Workforce Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make an annual allotment to each State that submits an application for formula grants to provide access to affordable health benefits coverage for: (1) eligible child care providers and the staff of center-based child care providers; and (2) certain relatives of such providers and staff, at the discretion of the State involved.Sets forth the following permissible activities for such grants: (1) to reimburse an employer or other individual specified under this Act for premiums or other costs for coverage under group or individual plans; (2) to offset the cost of enrolling individuals in public health benefits plans; and (3) to otherwise subsidize the cost of health benefits coverage to individuals specified under this Act.Requires a State to match at least 50 percent of the costs of the activities for which it receives a grant.Specifies portions of the funds appropriated under this Act to go to U.S. territories and possessions and Indian tribes. Sets forth a formula for calculating the amount to be received by each State (including the District of Columbia).Directs the Secretary to conduct an evaluation of several State programs representing various approaches to raising the rate of child workers with health benefits coverage.
Northern Forest Stewardship Act - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to:  (1) provide technical assistance to Maine, New Hampshire, New York, and Vermont for forest products marketing cooperatives, for implementing principles of sustainability, and for land conservation; (2) prepare a related study of the Northern Forest region; and (3) cooperate in Northern Forest research. 
Provides for interstate coordination strategy. 
Directs the Secretary of Labor to provide technical assistance to forest-based industry for labor safety and training activities. 
Authorizes appropriations for:  (1) land conservation; and (2) other activities under this Act. 
Expresses the sense of the Congress:  (1) that States should provide landowners with liability exemptions for permitting free public use of their land; and (2) in favor of a funding mechanism to support conservation of nongame fish and wildlife on public and private land.
Civil Rights Tax Relief Act of 2007 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) allow an exclusion from gross income for amounts received (either backpay or frontpay or punitive damages) on account of an unlawful discrimination claim; and (2) allow income averaging for backpay and frontpay amounts received from such claims.
True American Heroes Act of 2003 - Authorizes the posthumous award of congressional gold medals to the government workers and others who responded to the attacks on the World Trade Center in New York City and the Pentagon in Virginia and perished in the tragic events of September 11, 2001, and to the people aboard United Airlines Flight 93 who helped resist the hijackers on board and caused the plane to crash.Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue $50 dollar gold coins, one-dollar silver coins, and half-dollar clad coins emblematic of the tragic events that occurred at the Pentagon, in New York City, and in Pennsylvania, on September 11, 2001.
Homemaker Employment Assistance and Lifeskills Act - Authorizes the Secretary of Education to make formula matching grants to States with approved plans for programs of vocational education, training, employment counseling, and related services for single parents, displaced homemakers, and individuals entering nontraditional employment. Requires States to assign at least one individual from the State vocational education agency to administer such programs and make competitive subgrants to eligible entities.
Riayan Tejeda Memorial Act of 2003 - Authorizes naturalization without regard to specified Immigration and Nationality Act requirements for an alien or noncitizen national of the United States who: (1) served honorably in a combat zone in connection with Operation Iraqi Freedom; and (2) if separated from such service, was not separated except under honorable conditions. Prohibits imposition of any Federal or State naturalization fee.

Provides for overseas naturalization proceedings for members of the armed forces.

Retains immediate relative status for the alien wife, child, or parent of a U.S. citizen who died from injury or disease incurred while serving honorably in such combat zone. (Requires petition filing within two years of such death.)

States that an application for status adjustment by the alien wife, child, or parent of an alien member of the armed forces who was granted service-related posthumous citizenship based upon service in such zone may be adjudicated as if the death had not occurred. (Requires application filing prior to such death.)

Treats the spouse, child, or parent of a lawful permanent resident who was granted service-related posthumous citizenship based upon service in such zone as a valid petitioner for immediate relative status. (Requires self-petitions within two years of such death.)

Permits such aliens to apply for permanent resident status adjustment.

Waives specified grounds of inadmissibility.

Gives priority to naturalization applications as set forth in this Act.
 Cabin Fee Act of 2014 - Directs the Secretary of Agriculture (USDA) to set an annual fee for the issuance of a special use permit for the use and occupancy of National Forest System land for recreational residence purposes.  Requires the Secretary to: (1) complete the current appraisal cycle, including receipt of timely second appraisals, for such residences within one year after enactment of this Act, and (2) assess an interim annual fee for them according to a specified formula. Specifies the annual fee for each of 11 fee tiers based on the value of the lot of which the recreational residence is located, adjusted annually for inflation. Requires the Secretary to report after ten years on these annual fees in order to ensure that they reflect fair value for the use of System land, and on any recommendations to modify the fee system.  Directs the Secretary to establish a transfer fee of $1,200 for the issuance of a new recreational residence permit due to a change in ownership of the recreational residence.  Permits the Secretary, beginning ten years after enactment of this Act, to: (1) retain and expend any fees collected under this Act, without further appropriation, and (2) use them to administer the recreational residence program and other recreation programs carried out on System land. Repeals the Cabin User Fees Fairness Act of 2000, effective on the date the annual permit fees are first assessed under this Act.
Federal Consent Decree Fairness Act - Authorizes State or local governments and related officials sued in their official capacity to file a motion to modify or vacate a consent decree upon the earlier of: (1) four years after the consent decree is originally entered; or (2) in the case of a civil action in which a State is a party or in which a local government is a party and the surrounding State is not a party, the expiration of the term of office of the highest elected State or local government official authorizing the consent decree.

Places the burden of proof with respect to such motions on the party originally filing the action to demonstrate that continued enforcement is necessary to uphold a Federal right.

Nullifies consent decrees pending a ruling on a motion to modify or vacate if the court fails to rule on such motion within 90 days of filing.

Addresses compensation and termination of special masters overseeing consent decrees.

Makes this Act applicable to all consent decrees regardless of: (1) the date on which the final order of a consent decree is entered; or (2) whether any relief has been obtained before enactment.
Product Safety Notification and Recall Effectiveness Act of 2003 - Directs the Consumer Product Safety Commission to promulgate a rule requiring: (1) manufacturers of juvenile products, small household appliances, and certain other consumer products to establish and maintain a system for providing notification to consumers of recalls of such products; and (2) that the notification system include use of product safety owner cards, Internet registration, or an alternative method, to create a database of information regarding consumers of covered consumer products, for the sole purpose of product recall notification.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) allow a 15-year recovery period for depreciation of certain low-income buildings eligible for the tax credit for low-income housing; and (2) exempt such buildings from provisions disallowing certain passive investment activity tax losses and credits.
Advancement in Pediatric Autism Research Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to expand, intensify, and coordinate the activities of NIH with respect to autism.  Requires the Director, among other things, to make awards of grants and contracts to public or nonprofit entities for centers of excellence regarding research on autism.  Authorizes appropriations. 
Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS), acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to: (1) make awards of grants and cooperative agreements for the collection, analysis, and reporting of data on autism and pervasive developmental disabilities to public or nonprofit private entities; (2) establish up to five regional centers of excellence in autism and pervasive developmental disabilities epidemiology, through grants or cooperative agreements, for purposes of collecting and analyzing information on autism and developmental disabilities; (3) establish a clearinghouse within the Center for the collection and storage of data generated from the monitoring programs created by this Act; and (4) coordinate the Federal response to requests for assistance from State health department officials regarding potential or alleged autism or developmental disability clusters. 
Authorizes appropriations. 
Requires the Secretary to establish a program to provide information and education on autism to health professionals and the general public.  Authorizes appropriations. 
Directs the Secretary to establish an Autism Coordinating Committee to coordinate HHS efforts concerning autism.
National Center for Social Work Research Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to establish the National Center for Social Work Research as an agency of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to conduct, support, and disseminate targeted research on social work methods and outcomes related to problems of significant social concern.

Authorizes the Director of the Center to: (1) provide research training and instruction; (2) establish research traineeships and fellowships; (3) provide stipends and allowances; and (4) make grants to nonprofit institutions to provide such training, instruction, traineeships, and fellowships.

Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish an advisory council for the Center.
Rim of the Valley Corridor Preservation Act This bill adjusts the boundary of the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area in California as depicted on a specified map to include the Rim of the Valley Unit.  The Rim of the Valley Unit, and any lands or interests acquired by the United States and located within its boundaries, shall be administered as part of the Recreation Area.  The Department of the Interior may acquire only through exchange, donation, or purchase from a willing seller any nonfederal land within the boundaries of the Rim of the Valley Unit.  Nothing in this bill authorizes the use of eminent domain to acquire lands or interests. 
Stealth Lobbyist Disclosure Act of 2002 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to treat certain associations or coalitions as political organizations and thus require disclosure of their lobbying activities. Sets forth disclosure requirements, including notice requirements. Exempts certain tax-exempt organizations from such provisions.
Adam Walsh Reauthorization Act of 2016 (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act to reauthorize through FY2018 the Sex Offender Management Assistance program and the Jessica Lunsford Address Verification Grant program. (Sec. 3) Additionally, it reauthorizes appropriations through FY2018 for the U.S. Marshals Service to locate and apprehend sex offenders who violate sex offender registration requirements. (Sec. 4) The bill amends the federal criminal code to modify the duties of probation and pretrial services officers to include, when directed by a court, supervision of a sex offender conditionally released from civil commitment subject to court-ordered compliance with a prescribed regimen of medical, psychiatric, or psychological treatment.  (Sec. 5) It establishes statutory rights for sexual assault survivors, including the right to: (1) receive a forensic medical examination at no cost; (2) have a sexual assault evidence collection kit (i.e., a rape kit) preserved for 20 years or the maximum applicable statute of limitations, whichever is shorter; (3) receive written notification prior to destruction or disposal of a rape kit; and (4) be informed of the rights and policies under this section. Additionally, it makes statutory crime victims' rights applicable to sexual assault survivors.   The term &quot;sexual assault&quot; means any nonconsensual sexual act prohibited by federal, state, or tribal law, including when a victim lacks capacity to consent. Funds made available to the Crime Victims Fund under the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 must be used to carry out the requirements of this section, subject to specified exceptions.  (Sec. 6) The bill amends the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to authorize DOJ's Office of Justice Programs to make grants to states to develop sexual assault survivors' rights and policies and to disseminate written notice of such rights and policies to medical centers, hospitals, forensic examiners, sexual assault service providers, law enforcement agencies, and other state entities.  (Sec. 7) DOJ must establish a working group to develop, coordinate, and disseminate best practices regarding the care and treatment of sexual assault survivors and the preservation of forensic evidence. The working group must report its findings and recommended actions. (Sec. 8) It extends the statute of limitations for a minor victim of a federal sex offense to file a civil action to 10 years (currently 3 years) from the date such individual reaches age 18.
Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act - Amends the Federal criminal code to require that in any nonjudicial civil forfeiture proceeding under a civil forfeiture statute, with respect to which the agency conducting a seizure of property must give written notice to interested parties, such notice shall be given within 60 days after the later of the date of the seizure or the date the identity of the interested party is first known or discovered by the agency, with exceptions. 
Allows a person entitled to written notice in such proceeding to whom written notice is not given to void, on motion, the forfeiture with respect to that person's interest in the property unless the agency shows good cause for the failure to give notice or that the person otherwise had actual notice of the seizure. 
Provides that if the Government does not provide notice of a seizure of property in accordance with this Act, it shall return the property and may not take any further action to effect the forfeiture of such property. 
Sets forth provisions regarding:  (1) filing deadlines; (2) persons filing claims who are financially unable to obtain representation by counsel; and (3) the burden of proof. 
Prohibits an innocent owner's interest in property from being forfeited under any civil forfeiture statute. 
(Sec. 4) Amends the Tariff Act of 1930 to provide that Federal criminal code provisions applicable to civil forfeiture procedures shall apply to civil forfeitures proceedings relating to the condemnation or forfeiture of property for violation of the customs laws. 
(Sec. 5) Makes the Federal Tort Claims Act applicable to claims based on the negligent destruction, injury, or loss of goods, merchandise, or other property while in the possession of any officer of customs or excise or any other law enforcement officer, if the property was seized for the purpose of forfeiture but the interest of the claimant is not forfeited. 
Authorizes the Attorney General to settle, for not more than $50,000 in any case, certain claims for damage to or loss of privately owned property caused by an investigative or law enforcement officer who is employed by the Department of Justice and acting within the scope of his or her employment, subject to specified limitations. 
(Sec. 6) Makes the United States liable for post-judgment interest upon entry of judgment for the claimant in any proceeding to condemn or forfeit property seized or arrested under any Act of Congress, but not for prejudgment interest (with exceptions).  Specifies that the United States shall not be required to disgorge the value of any intangible benefits nor make any other payments to the claimant not specifically authorized. 
(Sec. 7) Makes the amendments made by this Act applicable to claims, suits, and actions filed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, with exceptions.
National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act Amendments of 1998 - Amends the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Establishment Act to increase the number of members of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation's Board of Directors.  Provides for four directors experienced in ocean and coastal resources conservation and adds the Under Secretary for Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere as a nonvoting member. 
Expands Foundation powers to include the right to:  (1) invest and deposit Federal funds; and (2) provide Federal funds to enter into agreements with private landowners for fish, wildlife, and natural resource restoration and enhancement on public and private lands. 
Revises certain limitations on the use of Federal funds by the Foundation to acquire interests in, convey, or grant such funds to another for, real property to allow such activities if the Foundation notifies the Federal agency that administers the program under which the funds were provided of the proposed activity and the agency fails to object within a certain time period. 
Removes a limitation on the condemnation of Foundation lands by State or local entities.  Prohibits the use of Foundation grants for litigation expenses, activities to influence legislation pending before the Congress, or for activities related to the introduction of wolves or grizzly bears in Idaho, Montana, Utah, or Wyoming. 
Extends the authorization of appropriations for the Foundation through FY 1999. 
Repeals a provision that states that amounts authorized under the Act are in addition to any provided for the Foundation under other Federal laws.
Lewis and Clark Expedition Bicentennial Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue one-dollar coins emblematic of the expedition of Lewis and Clark. Allocates surcharges from coin sales between the National Lewis and Clark Bicentennial Council and the National Park Service for activities associated with the bicentennial commemoration of the expedition.
State Child Well-Being Research Act of 2004 - Amends part A (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families) (TANF) of title IV of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop comprehensive indicators to assess child well-being in each State.

Directs the Secretary to establish an advisory panel to make recommendations regarding the appropriate measures and statistical tools necessary for making such assessment.
Hong Kong Reversion Act - Directs the President to consider the performance of the Hong Kong Government and the actions of the Chinese Government when determining whether Hong Kong is not sufficiently autonomous to justify treatment under a particular U.S. law different from that accorded China as required under the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992. Directs the Secretary of State to include in each annual report to the Congress on conditions in Hong Kong, among other things, assessments of:  (1) Hong Kong's or China's cooperation in securing certain agreements with the United States; and (2) the autonomy of Hong Kong and its customs territory (including any unprecedented diversion of Chinese exports through Hong Kong in order to attain preferential treatment in U.S. markets). Authorizes extension of the International Organizations Immunities Act to the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Offices (Hong Kong's official economic and trade missions in the United States) in the same manner as such Act may be extended to a public international organization in which the United States participates pursuant to any treaty or Act of the Congress. Authorizes the President to apply to such Offices certain provisions of the Agreement on State and Local Taxation of Foreign Employees of Public International Organizations.
Helping Veterans Exposed to Burn Pits Act  This bill directs the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to establish a center of excellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures in Afghanistan or Iraq. The VA shall, in selecting the center's site, consider entities that:    are equipped with the specialized equipment needed to study, diagnose, and treat health conditions relating to such exposure;  have a track record of publishing information on post-deployment health exposures among veterans who served in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom;  have access to animal models and in vitro models of dust immunology and lung injury consistent with the injuries of members of the Armed Forces who served in support of such operations; and   have expertise in allergy, immunology, and pulmonary diseases.  The VA shall ensure that the center collaborates with the Department of Defense (DOD), institutions of higher education, and other appropriate public and private entities to:   provide for dissemination within the VA of best practices for the treatment of such conditions and the training of health professionals,   provide guidance for the VA and DOD health systems in determining the personnel required to provide quality health care for members of the Armed Forces and veterans with such conditions, establish, and oversee a program to train VA and DOD health professionals in the treatment of such conditions,  facilitate advancements in the study of the short-term and long-term effects of such exposure,  conduct basic science and translational research on such conditions for the purposes of understanding the etiology of such conditions and developing preventive interventions and new treatments, and  provide medical treatment to veterans diagnosed with medical conditions specific to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures.   The center shall have access to and make use of the data accumulated by the burn pits registry.
Christopher Bryski Student Loan Protection Act or Christopher's Law This bill amends the Truth in Lending Act to require a private student loan lender to disclose clearly and conspicuously in writing a cosigner's obligations regarding a private student loan. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) must publish a model form for such disclosure.  The bill prohibits a private student loan lender from taking an adverse action against a borrower (e.g., placing a loan in default or accelerating a loan balance) upon a cosigner's death, disability, or bankruptcy. It also prohibits adverse actions against a cosigner for a borrower's death, disability, or bankruptcy.   The CFPB must establish and a private student loan lender must disclose criteria for releasing a cosigner from a private student loan obligation. A private student loan lender must also:    provide prompt notice of a cosigner's release;  allow a borrower to designate a legal representative to make decisions upon the death or disability of such borrower; and   ensure a borrower and cosigner receive comprehensive counseling on the terms, conditions, and responsibilities of a private student loan.   Additionally, this bill amends title IV (Student Assistance) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to expand the required elements of entrance counseling for a federal student loan borrower to include:   conditions for loan discharge upon the death or disability of a borrower, options for loan repayment and forgiveness upon the death or disability of a borrower or cosigner, and obligations of a borrower or cosigner upon the death or disability of a borrower.  It requires clear and conspicuous disclosure of a student's option to designate a legal representative to make decisions about a federal student loan upon such student's death or disability. 
Max Cleland Minority Serving Institution Digital and Wireless Technology Opportunity Act - Establishes in the Department of Commerce an Office of Minority Serving Institution Digital and Wireless Technology to: (1) award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements (assistance) to eligible institutions to provide educational instruction in digital and wireless network technologies; and (2) strengthen the national digital and wireless infrastructure by increasing national investment in telecommunications and technology infrastructure at eligible institutions.

Requires the Secretary of Commerce to establish an advisory council on the best approaches for involving eligible institutions in supported activities and for reviewing and evaluating submitted proposals. Requires the council to include members from minority serving institutions. Makes the following institutions eligible for such assistance: (1) a historically Black college or university; (2) a Hispanic-, Alaska Native-, or Native Hawaiian-serving institution; (3) a tribally controlled college or university; or (4) an institution determined to have enrolled a substantial number of minority, low-income students who received assistance under the Higher Education Act of 1965. Provides a matching funds requirement.
Identity Theft Penalty Enhancement Act - (Sec. 2) Amends the Federal criminal code to establish penalties for aggravated identity theft. Prescribes sentences, to be imposed in addition to the punishments provided for the related felonies, of: (1) two years' imprisonment for knowingly transferring, possessing, or using, without lawful authority, a means of identification of another person during and in relation to specified felony violations (including theft of public property, theft by a bank officer or employee, theft from employee benefit plans, various fraud and immigration offenses, and false statements regarding Social Security and Medicare benefits); and (2) five years' imprisonment for knowingly taking such action with respect to a means of identification or a false identification document during and in relation to specified felony violations pertaining to terrorist acts. Prohibits a court from: (1) placing any person convicted of such a violation on probation; (2) reducing any sentence for the related felony to take into account the sentence imposed for such a violation; or (3) providing for concurrent terms of imprisonment for a violation of this Act and a violation under any other Act.

(Sec. 3) Expands the existing identify theft prohibition to: (1) cover possession of a means of identification of another with intent to commit specified unlawful activity; (2) increase penalties for violations; and (3) include acts of domestic terrorism within the scope of a prohibition against facilitating an act of international terrorism.

(Sec. 4) Modifies provisions regarding embezzlement and theft of public money, property, or records to provide for combining amounts from all the counts for which the defendant is convicted in a single case for purposes of determining which penalties apply.

(Sec. 5) Directs the U.S. Sentencing Commission to review and amend its guidelines and policy statements to ensure that the guideline offense levels and enhancements appropriately punish identity theft offenses involving an abuse of position.

(Sec. 6) Authorizes appropriations to the Department of Justice for the investigation and prosecution of identity theft and related credit card and other fraud cases constituting felonies.
Public Housing Asset Management Improvement Act of 2008 - Prohibits the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from imposing restrictions or limitations on the amount of management and related fees for a public housing project which the public housing agency (PHA) determines reasonable, unless such restriction or limitation: (1) is determined pursuant to a negotiated rulemaking convened by the Secretary no earlier than April 1, 2009, with representatives from interested parties; and (2) is effective only on or after January 1, 2011.



Allows any PHA that owns or operates fewer than 500 public housing units under the United States Housing Act of 1937 to elect to be exempt from asset management requirements imposed by the Secretary.



Prohibits the Secretary from imposing any requirement, regulation, or guideline relating to asset management that restricts or limits in any way the use by PHAs of amounts for Capital Fund assistance for costs of any PHA central office.

Requires the Secretary to ensure that PHAs encourage the reasonable efforts of resident tenant organizations to represent their members and of tenants to organize.





Makes illegal immigrants ineligible for financial assistance under this Act.

Prohibits the Secretary from accepting as reasonable any management or related fees for enforcing a dwelling lease or other similar agreement that requires the registration of or prohibits the possession of firearms by an individual for personal protection or for sport, if the possession is not prohibited, or the registration is not required, by existing law.

Amends the United States Housing Act of 1937 to convert current community service requirements (and related exemptions) for adult residents of public housing projects to make them optional at the discretion of a PHA.



Amends the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 to authorize appropriations for FY2009-FY2011. Expands the scope of eligible activities that may be conducted under public and assisted housing drug elimination programs.
Older Worker Opportunity Act of 2009 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow employers who provide health and retirement benefits to their employees a tax credit for 25% of the first $6,000 of wages paid to individuals age 62 or older participating in a flexible work program. Terminates such credit after 2012.
Opioid Program Evaluation Act or the OPEN Act (Sec. 2) This bill directs the Department of Justice (DOJ) to enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) to identify outcomes and develop metrics to evaluate: (1) the incidence of opioid abuse and illegal opioid distribution, and (2) the effectiveness of a DOJ grant program to provide opioid abuse services. DOJ must publish outcomes and metrics and require grant recipients to collect and report data. The NAS must publish the evaluations.  (Sec. 3) Additionally, the bill directs the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to enter into an arrangement with the NAS to identify outcomes and develop metrics to evaluate: (1) the incidence of opioid abuse and illegal opioid distribution, and (2) the effectiveness of HHS grant programs to address opioid abuse. HHS must publish outcomes and metrics and require grant recipients to collect and report data. The NAS must publish the evaluations. (Sec. 6) It amends the Justice Assistance Act of 1984 to reduce for FY2022 the authorization of appropriation for financial assistance under the Emergency Federal Law Enforcement Assistance program. 
Housing Opportunities Made Equal Act of 2011 or HOME Act of 2011 - Amends the Fair Housing Act, with respect to prohibited discrimination in housing sales and rentals, residential real estate-related transactions, and brokerage services, to specify that the race, color, religion, sex, familial status, or national origin basis of discrimination may be actual or perceived. Adds to the list of prohibited actual or perceived bases sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, and source of income.

Amends the Civil Rights Act of 1968, with respect to prohibited intimidation, interference, or injury of individuals, to specify that the race, color, religion, sex, familial status, or national origin basis of discrimination may be actual or perceived. Adds also to the list of prohibited actual or perceived bases sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, or source of income.

Redefines "discriminatory housing practice" to specify that the definition: (1) applies regardless of whether the discriminatory practices occur pre- or post-acquisition; and (2) includes a failure to comply with administrative requirements of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), including related regulations, in a manner affirmatively to further nondiscrimination policies.

Redefines "familial status" to include individuals (under age 18) residing with: (1) a foster parent or another person having lawful physical custody of such individuals; or (2) anyone standing in loco parentis of such individuals (currently, the designee of such parent or other person having such custody, with the parent's or other person's written permission).

Amends the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act to grant the Attorney General pre-litigation subpoena power if there is reason to believe that any person may be in possession, custody, or control of any documentary material or information relevant to an investigation under the respective Act.

Amends the Equal Credit Opportunity Act to prohibit discrimination against credit applicants on the basis of actual or perceived race or color, sex, sexual orientation, or gender identity.

States that discrimination against a person because of a handicap includes the failure, in connection with a real estate-related transaction, to make reasonable accommodations for such persons.

Revises the limitations on filing complaints and commencing civil actions by certain individuals alleging discriminatory housing practices to deem that the failure to design and construct a dwelling that meets requirements for reasonable modifications for handicapped persons shall continue (and with it the alleged discriminatory housing practice) until such time as the dwelling conforms to them.
Establishes the Augusta Canal National Heritage Area in Georgia. 
Establishes the Augusta Canal Commission.  Requires the Commission to prepare and submit to the Secretary of the Interior for review and approval a plan for the management of the Area, based on existing Federal, State, and local plans in existence on the date of enactment of this Act.  Directs the Commission to coordinate and combine such plans and present an integrated and cooperative approach for the protection, enhancement, and interpretation of the Area's cultural, natural, scenic, and recreational resources. 
Prohibits Federal agencies from promulgating an occupational, safety, conservation, or environmental regulation for the Area that is more stringent than existing applicable regulations, solely as a result of the establishment of the Area. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Multiple Peril Insurance Act of 2009 - (Sec. 2) Amends the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 to require the national flood insurance program to enable the purchase of multiperil coverage and optional separate windstorm coverage to protect against loss resulting from physical damage or loss of real or related personal property located in the United States.

Defines windstorm as any hurricane, tornado, cyclone, typhoon, or other wind event.

Restricts multiperil coverage to areas (or their subdivisions) where an appropriate public body has adopted adequate mitigation measures, including effective enforcement provisions, which the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) finds are consistent with the criteria for construction described in the International Code Council building codes relating to wind mitigation.

Prohibits provision of multiperil coverage to any structure (or related personal property ) covered, at any time, by flood insurance under the Act.

Requires maintenance of flood insurance coverage under this Act as a prerequisite to windstorm coverage of any structure (or related personal property). States that separate windstorm coverage only covers losses from physical damages from windstorm.

Prescribes the nature and terms of coverage and actuarial rates.

(Sec. 3) Prohibits duplicative coverage.

(Sec. 4) Prohibits new multiperil coverage for property declared by a governmental authority to be in violation of state or local laws, regulations, or ordinances intended to reduce windstorm damage.

(Sec. 5) Instructs the Director to: (1) carry out studies and investigations to determine measures for wind hazard prevention; and (2) provide technical assistance to state, interstate, and local governmental agencies to encourage adoption and enforcement of laws, regulations, and ordinances relating to the orderly development and use of areas subject to damage from windstorm risks, and zoning building codes, building permits, and subdivision and other building restrictions for such areas.
Children's Act for Responsible Employment of 2005 - CARE Act of 2005 - Amends the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (FLSA) to repeal certain exemptions from child labor prohibitions for agricultural employment.

 Allows an exemption only if: (1) the agricultural employment of an individual under 16 occurs outside of school hours; and (2) such individual is employed by a parent or a person standing in place of a parent on a farm owned or operated by such parent or person. Raises from 16 to 18 years old the minimum age for engaging in hazardous agricultural employment. Eliminates a waiver for hand-harvesting of certain crops.

Increases civil and criminal penalties for child labor violations.

Directs the Secretary of Labor to analyze data and report to Congress on work-related injuries to children and related matters. Requires employers to report on work-related serious injuries and illnesses, and deaths, of agricultural employees under 18 years of age.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) employ at least 100 additional inspectors within the Wage and Hour Division of the Department of Labor to enforce child labor laws; and (2) provide for a ten percent increase in the budget for the Employment Standards Division within the office of the Solicitor of Labor to increase prosecution of violations of such laws.

 Incorporates into FLSA child labor requirements certain federal standards for protecting workers exposed to pesticides. Reconciles civil penalties for violations of such standards affecting child workers imposed by the Secretary under FLSA and by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act.

Amends the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 to direct the Secretary to make competitive grants for specified types of programs for migrant and seasonal farmworker youth dropout prevention.
Regulatory Right-to-Know Act of 1999 - Directs the President, acting through the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to submit to the Congress, with the Federal budget each year, an accounting statement and associated report containing: (1) an estimate of the total annual costs and benefits of Federal regulatory programs in the aggregate; by agency, agency program, and program element; and by major rule; (2) an analysis of direct and indirect impacts of Federal rules on Federal, State, local, and tribal government, the private sector, small business, wages, and economic growth; and (3) recommendations to reform inefficient or ineffective regulatory programs or program elements. Requires the accounting statement to cover, at a minimum, the costs and corresponding benefits for the four preceding fiscal years.  Requires the Director: (1) before submitting such statement and report, to provide public notice and an opportunity to comment and to consult with the Comptroller General; and (2) to incorporate an appendix to the report addressing public and peer review comments. 
Requires the Director to: (1) issue guidelines to agencies to standardize most plausible measures of costs and benefits and the format of information provided for accounting statements; and (2) review agency submissions for consistency with such guidelines. 
Directs the Director to arrange for a nationally recognized public policy research organization with expertise in regulatory analysis and regulatory accounting to provide independent and external peer review of the guidelines and each accounting statement and associated report before such guidelines, statements, and reports are made final.
United States-Poland Parliamentary Youth Exchange Program Act of 2007 - Authorizes the Secretary of State, in cooperation with the government of Poland, to establish a United States-Poland Parliamentary Youth Exchange Program for American and Polish secondary students under 19 years old who have been accepted for up to one academic year of study abroad in a credit-approved program. States that eligible participants shall: (1) live in and attend a public secondary school in the host country for one academic year; (2) undertake academic studies in the host country, with particular emphasis on the history, constitution, and political development of the host country; and (3) be eligible for an internship in the host country.

Directs the Secretary to report annually to the appropriate congressional committees respecting the Program.

Authorizes FY2008 appropriations.
Kids IRA Act of 2008 (K-IRA) - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to establish young savers account for individual taxpayers under age 26. Treats such accounts as Roth individual retirement accounts (Roth IRAs) for income tax purposes. Allows a tax deduction for contributions to young savers accounts, up to $5,000 a taxable year.
Congressional Accountability Act - Makes specified Federal statutes (or provisions thereof) applicable to the offices and employees of the legislative branch of the Federal Government, including (with exceptions):  (1) the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (FLSA); (2) the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 (OSHA); (3) the Civil Rights Act of 1964; (4) the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967; (5) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA); (6) the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; (7) the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; (8) the Employee Polygraph Protection Act of 1988; (9) the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; (10) the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA); (11) the Privacy Act of 1974 (Privacy Act); and (12) provisions governing Federal labor-management relations. 
(Sec. 3) Establishes in the legislative branch an Office of Compliance.  Provides for a Board of Directors:  (1) to issue regulations that specify the manner in which provisions of this Act shall be implemented to ensure compliance; (2) when proposing regulations, to recommend to the Congress any needed changes in or repeals of existing law to accommodate the application of such provision to its employees and offices; and (3) to study provisions of Federal law relating to employment, personnel actions, or availability of information to the public that are similar to such provision and that do not apply to congressional offices or employees, and recommend to the Congress whether any of those provisions should be applied to congressional offices or employees. 
Sets forth congressional disapproval procedures with respect to the issuance of regulations of, and rulemaking by, the Office.  Requires the Board to carry out a program to inform Members of Congress, congressional employees, and heads of congressional offices as to the provisions, including remedies, made applicable to the legislative branch. 
(Sec. 5) Sets forth procedures for consideration of alleged violations of civil rights and personnel requirements, including:  (1) step I, counseling; (2) step II, mediation; and (3) at the election of the employee alleging the violation, step IIIA, formal complaint and hearing by a hearing board, and step IV, judicial review of a hearing board decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, or step IIIB, a civil action in a U.S.  district court. 
(Sec. 11) Sets forth procedures for consideration of alleged violations relating to:  (1) information requirements; and (2) labor management and occupational health and safety requirements. 
(Sec. 13) Makes FOIA and the Privacy Act inapplicable to specified offices, including the personnel offices of Members of Congress, congressional committees, and the offices of any caucus or partisan organization related to the Congress. 
(Sec. 15) Treats intimidation of, or reprisal against, a congressional employee by any Member or officer of the Congress, any head of a congressional office, or any congressional employee, because of the exercise of a right under this Act, as an unlawful employment practice. 
(Sec. 16) Sets forth provisions regarding confidentiality with respect to counseling, mediation, hearings, release of records for judicial review, and access by congressional committees. 
(Sec. 17) Requires the Office, on a regular basis and at least once during each Congress, to request that the Secretary of Labor and the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board detail to the Office such personnel as necessary to inspect the facilities of the legislative branch to ensure compliance with OSHA, FLSA, and ADA. 
(Sec. 18) Requires the executive director of the office (appointed by the chairperson of the Board) to:  (1) collect information with respect to complaints filed under this Act; and (2) submit for publication in the Congressional Record a report containing such information, without identifying parties by name. 
(Sec. 19) Specifies that it shall not be a violation to consider the party affiliation, domicile, or political compatibility with the employing office of an employee with respect to employment decisions issued under this Act. 
(Sec. 20) Prohibits a congressional employee from commencing a judicial proceeding to redress practices prohibited under this Act, except as provided in this Act. 
(Sec. 22) Authorizes appropriations.
Developing Responsible Individuals for a Vibrant Economy Act or the DRIVE-Safe Act This bill directs the Department of Transportation to issue regulations relating to an apprenticeship program for licensed commercial motor vehicle drivers under the age of 21. 
Flexibility to Promote Reemployment Act - Amends title III (Grants to States for Unemployment Compensation Administration) of the Social Security Act, with respect to grants to states by the Secretary of Labor for reemployment demonstration projects, to allow grants to up to 10 states per year instead of a maximum of 10 states altogether. Allows a designee of a state governor, instead of only the governor, to apply for such a grant. Extends the allowable project period through December 31, 2017. Allows direct disbursements under a project to employers who hire individuals receiving unemployment compensation to include disbursements promoting retention. Requires the Secretary of Labor to approve completed grant applications in the order of receipt. Revises requirements for termination of a project to require the Secretary to: (1) notify a state in writing with sufficient detail describing any violation of the substantive terms or conditions of a project justifying its termination, and (2) determine that the state has not taken action to correct the violation within 90 days after notification. Directs the Secretary to evaluate the impact of each demonstration project, using existing data sources and methodology appropriate to determine project effects, including the effect on individual skill levels, earnings, and employment retention.
Protect Our Kids Act of 2012 - Establishes the Commission to Eliminate Child Abuse and Neglect Fatalities to: (1) study the use of child protective services and child welfare services under titles IV and XX (Block Grants to States for Social Services) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to reduce fatalities from child abuse and neglect; (2) develop recommendations to reduce such fatalities for federal, state, and local agencies, and private sector and nonprofit organizations, including recommendations to implement a comprehensive national strategy for such purpose; and (3) develop guidelines for the type of information that should be tracked to improve interventions to prevent such fatalities.

Requires any federal agency affected by a recommendation to report to Congress its response and plans to address it.

Amends SSA title IV part A (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families) (TANF) to make an adjustment to the Contingency Fund for State Welfare Programs with respect to deposits for FY2013-FY2014, reserving a specified amount for Commission activities.
Community Disaster Loan Equity Act of 2005 - Amends the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to authorize the President to make community disaster loans to state governments. Eliminates the $5 million limit on such a loan, and prohibits the President from requiring its repayment, if the state or local government receiving it may suffer a substantial loss of tax and other revenues as a result of a major disaster determined to be an incident of national significance.



Applies this Act to any major disaster occurring on or after August 24, 2005.
Bombing Prevention Act - Amends the Federal criminal code to prohibit the transport, shipment, or receipt of explosive materials in interstate or foreign commerce without a permit or the distribution of explosive materials in interstate or foreign commerce to anyone other than a licensee or permittee. 
Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to notify the States of the regulations so that they may consider revising their explosives laws. 
(Sec. 4) Requires applicants for licenses and user permits to import, manufacture, or deal in explosive materials to provide fingerprints and a photograph.  Sets fees of up to $300 for an applicant for a license and up to $100 for an applicant for a permit. (Currently, the fee is up to $200 for each license or permit.) 
(Sec. 5) Authorizes the Secretary to use the national instant criminal background check system established under the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to investigate applicants for licenses or permits. 
(Sec. 6) Repeals exceptions from specified explosive materials requirements with respect to components of small arms ammunition and small quantities of black powder or smokeless powder. 
(Sec. 7) Directs the United States Sentencing Commission to promulgate amendments to the sentencing guidelines to appropriately enhance the penalties for violations of Federal explosive materials provisions so that such penalties are the same as those for comparable violations of Federal firearms laws. 
(Sec. 8) Subjects to civil forfeiture (with exceptions) any property involved in a violation of explosive materials provisions, or in a conspiracy to commit such a violation, and any other property traceable to such property. 
Directs the court to order a person convicted of a violation of Federal explosive materials provisions or of conspiring to commit such a violation to forfeit any property involved and any traceable property.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a new tax credit for employment-related expenses necessary to care for a dependent of a taxpayer who has attained age 50, including expenses for household services and for the care of the dependent, including respite care and hospice care. Limits the amount of such credit to $3,000 for the care of one dependent and $6,000 for the care of two or more dependents of the taxpayer in a taxable year. 
International Tax Competitiveness Act of 2011 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) treat foreign corporations that are managed, directly or indirectly, within the United States as domestic corporations for U.S. tax purposes; (2) make certain royalty income and income from intangibles received from a controlled foreign corporation subject to U.S. taxation; and (3) revise the tax treatment of property other than stock (i.e., boot) received in connection with a corporate reorganization to provide that such property shall be treated as a taxable dividend.
Taxpayer Oversight of Surplus Property Act - Requires that nonlethal excess supplies of the Department of Defense be made available to a State or a local government upon request before such supplies are made available for humanitarian relief purposes.  Permits the President to make such supplies available for humanitarian purposes before they are made available to a State or local government in response to a natural disaster emergency. 
Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, with respect to the transfer of property for environmental protection in foreign countries, to prohibit such transfers unless the Administrator of General Services (GSA Administrator) determines that there are no Federal or State use requirements for the property under any other provision of law. 
Requires the GSA Administrator to report to the Congress on the effectiveness of surplus personal property donation and disposal programs (except for any program that grants access to personal property by local communities affected by the closure of a military base), along with recommendations for consolidating such programs under a single Federal authority.
American Veterans Disabled for Life Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue not more than 500,000 $1 coins emblematic of the design selected by the Disabled Veterans' LIFE Memorial Foundation for the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial, in commemoration of disabled American veterans.

Restricts such coin issuance period to the calendar year beginning on January 1, 2010.

Requires a $10 dollar surcharge from such coin sales to be paid to the Disabled Veterans' LIFE Memorial Foundation in order to establish an endowment to support the construction of the American Veterans' Disabled for Life Memorial in Washington, D.C.

Prescribes financial assurances that require: (1) the Secretary to take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that minting and issuing the coins will not result in any net cost to the United States Government; and (2) full payment for issuance of the coins.
Dietary Supplement Regulatory Implementation Act of 2005 - Authorizes and makes appropriations to: (1) carry out the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 (DSHEA) and all applicable regulatory requirements for dietary supplements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; and (2) expand research and development of consumer information on dietary supplements by the Office of Dietary Supplements at the National Institutes of Health (NIH).

Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to: (1) use such funds to regulate dietary supplements; and (2) report to Congress on the implementation and enforcement of DSHEA.

Expresses the sense of Congress regarding the availability of certain botanical sources of ephedrine alkaloids.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) carry out programs to educate health professionals and consumers on the safety and health benefits of dietary supplements; and (2) establish a system for the reporting of serious adverse experiences associated with the use of a dietary supplement received by the manufacturer, packer, or distributor whose name appears on the label of the product.
Amends title XXI (State Children's Health Insurance) (SCHIP) of the Social Security Act to revise the rule for redistribution and extended availability of FY1998 and 1999 allotments to States, permitting and extending retention of half of the FY 2000 allotment, and permitting and extending retention of half of the FY 2001 allotment.
EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015  (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to revise the process of selecting members of the Science Advisory Board, guidelines for participation in Board advisory activities, and terms of office. The Board provides scientific advice to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). This bill requires the Board to independently provide that advice. Among the revisions to requirements concerning the Board's membership are the following:  a requirement to balance scientific and technical points of view; a set minimum level of representation from state, local, or tribal governments; allowance of affiliation with or representation of entities that may have a potential interest in the Board's advisory activities; conflict of interest restrictions; restrictions on participation in advisory activities involving review of a member's work;  restrictions on appointment of registered lobbyists; and prohibitions on member receipt of current EPA grants or contracts.  The EPA must make public a list of nominees to the Board and accept public comments on the nominees. Reports filed upon the provisional nomination of a member disclosing financial relationships and interests must also be made public. The EPA must provide draft risk or hazard assessments in its regulatory proposals and documents to the Board. The Board's advice and comments must be included in the record regarding any such proposal and published in the Federal Register. The Board's member committees and investigative panels must operate in accordance with the membership, participation, and policy requirements contained in this Act, including new requirements for public participation in advisory activities of the Board. The member committees and investigative panels do not have the authority to make decisions on behalf of the Board and may not report directly to the EPA. The bill imposes additional public participation requirements:  The EPA and the Board must make public all reports and relevant scientific information at the same time they are received by the Board.  The Board must hold public information-gathering sessions to discuss the state of the science related to a major advisory activity.  Prior to convening a member committee or investigative panel, the EPA must accept and address public comments on questions asked of the Board.  The Board, member committees, and investigative panels may not accept a question that unduly narrows the scope of an advisory activity.    The Board must strive to avoid making policy determinations or recommendations, communicate uncertainties, encourage dissenting members to make their views known, conduct periodic reviews to ensure that its activities address the most important scientific issues affecting the EPA, and respond to Congress fully and in a timely manner. 
Provides immigration relief for aliens who are determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to have: (1) obtained nonimmigrant status on or after January 1, 1980, and who at that time were nationals of the Republic of Korea; (2) applied before January 1, 1999, through one or more immigration brokers for adjustment to permanent resident status through the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) office in San Jose, California; (3) obtained adjustment approval as the result of bribery by such brokers of an INS supervisor; and (4) had no actual knowledge of the fraud at the time of adjustment. Extends relief to the spouse and children of eligible aliens granted permanent resident status.

 Prohibits the immigration fraud reflected by such bribery from being considered in determining the admissibility or removability of eligible aliens.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) restore an eligible alien's status as if the original adjustment had been lawful, including where permanent resident status or naturalization was rescinded or where removal was ordered on the basis of the fraud; and (2) parole (and provide necessary travel documents) into the United States eligible aliens who were removed or who voluntarily departed in connection with charges relating to the fraud for purposes of filing an application for relief under this Act.
Cardiac Arrest Survival Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to mandate a program to develop and operate demonstration projects to provide training in the provision of life-saving first aid and related recommendations, data collection, and evaluations.  Requires the projects and recommendations to include projects and recommendations regarding the use of automated external defibrillators. Mandates data collection regarding conditions with respect to which the provisions of life-saving first aid may be appropriate.  Authorizes appropriations.
Emergency Agricultural Response Act of 1998 - Amends the Agricultural Act of 1970 to authorize the use of disaster reserve authority to augment crop insurance benefits for producers affected by multiple year crop losses.  Appropriates funds subject to presidential emergency budget designation. 
(Sec. 3) Amends the Agricultural Market Transition Act to revise marketing assistance loan rates for:  (1) wheat; (2) feed grains (corn); (3) upland cotton; (4) extra long staple cotton; (5) rice; and (6) oilseeds.  Authorizes six-month loan extensions. 
(Sec. 5) Repeals the temporary suspension of the farmer owned reserve program. 
(Sec. 6) Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to build and manage a reserve stock of a loan commodity whenever such commodity's prices fall below 75 percent of its marketing assistance loan rate. 
(Sec. 7) Authorizes the Secretary to transfer specified Department of Agriculture funds to the Farm Service Agency in order to improve local and area Agency services. 
(Sec. 8) Amends the Food Security Act of 1985 to direct the Secretary to carry out a three-year conservation reserve for certain diseased croplands. 
(Sec. 9) Sets forth specified crop insurance rules for disaster-designated counties.
.  Anti-Semitism Awareness Act of 2016 (Sec. 4) This bill requires the Department of Education, when reviewing whether there has been a violation of title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, or national origin in programs and activities receiving federal financial assistance) based on an individual's actual or perceived shared Jewish ancestry or Jewish ethnic characteristics, to consider the definition of "anti-Semitism" as part of its assessment of whether the alleged practice was motivated by anti-Semitic intent. For purposes of this bill, the definition of "anti-Semitism" is the definition set forth by the Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism of the Department of State in the Fact Sheet issued on June 8, 2010, as adapted from the Working Definition of Anti-Semitism of the European Monitoring Center on Racism and Xenophobia (now known as the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights). (Sec. 5) Nothing in this bill shall be construed to diminish or infringe upon any right protected under the First Amendment to the Constitution.
Repeals the Military Selective Service Act.Prohibits the Office of Selective Service Records from being reestablished upon such repeal. Transfers the assets, property, and records held by the Selective Service System (SSS), as well as unexpended balances, to the Administrator of General Services. Requires the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to assist officers and employees of the SSS to transfer to other positions in the executive branch.Prohibits any person from being denied a right, privilege, benefit, or employment position under Federal law on the grounds that the person failed to register under the Military Selective Service Act before its repeal.
Private Property Rights Protection Act of 2005 - (Sec. 2) Prohibits any state or political subdivision from exercising its power of eminent domain for economic development if that state or political subdivision receives federal economic development funds during the fiscal year. (Defines "economic development" as taking private property and conveying or leasing it to a private entity for commercial enterprise carried on for profit or to increase tax revenue, the tax base, employment, or general economic health.) Makes a state or political subdivision that violates such prohibition ineligible for any such funds for two fiscal years. Provides that such a state or political subdivision is not ineligible for such funds if it returns all real property that was improperly taken and replaces or repairs any property that was destroyed or damaged.

(Sec. 3) Prohibits the federal government from exercising its power of eminent domain for economic development.

(Sec. 4) Establishes a private cause of action for any private property owner who suffers injury as a result of a violation of this Act. Provides that a state is not immune from any such action in a federal or state court. Places the burden on the defendant to show by clear and convincing evidence that the taking is not for economic development. Sets the statute of limitations for such an action at seven years. Allows the prevailing plaintiff's attorney to obtain reasonable attorney's fees and expert fees.

(Sec. 5) Requires the Attorney General to: (1) compile a list of the federal laws under which federal economic development funds are distributed; (2) provide to each state and publish on a Department of Justice website the text of this Act, a description of the rights of property owners under this Act, and the compiled list of relevant federal laws; and (3) publish such text and description in the Federal Register.

(Sec. 6) Requires the Attorney General to submit an annual report to the House and Senate Judiciary Committees identifying states or political subdivisions that have used eminent domain in violation of this Act, that have lost federal economic developments funds as a result, and/or that returned property to cure a violation.

(Sec. 7) Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) the use of eminent domain for economic development is a threat to agricultural and other property in rural America; and (2) it is the policy of the United States to promote the private ownership of property and to protect the legal rights of private property owners.

(Sec. 13) Prohibits a state or political subdivision from exercising its power of eminent domain over property of a religious or other nonprofit organization because of the organization's nonprofit or tax-exempt status or any related quality if that state or political subdivision receives federal economic development funds during the fiscal year. Makes a state or political subdivision that violates such prohibition ineligible for any such funds for two fiscal years.

Prohibits the federal government from exercising its power of eminent domain over property of a religious or other nonprofit organization because of the organization's nonprofit or tax-exempt status or any related quality.

(Sec. 14) Requires the head of each executive department and agency to review all rules, regulations, and procedures and report to the Attorney General on their activities to comply with this Act.

(Sec. 15) Expresses the sense of Congress that all precautions should be taken to avoid the unfair or unreasonable taking of property from survivors of Hurricane Katrina for economic development or other private use.
Surveillance State Repeal Act - Repeals the USA PATRIOT Act and the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 (thereby restoring or reviving provisions amended or repealed by such Acts as if such Acts had not been enacted), except with respect to reports to Congress regarding court orders under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (FISA) and the acquisition of intelligence information concerning an entity not substantially composed of U.S. persons that is engaged in the international proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. Extends from 7 to 10 years the maximum term of FISA judges. Makes such judges eligible for redesignation.  Permits FISA courts to appoint special masters to advise on technical issues raised during proceedings. Requires orders approving certain electronic surveillance to direct that, upon request of the applicant, any person or entity must furnish all information, facilities, or technical assistance necessary to accomplish such surveillance in a manner to protect its secrecy and produce a minimum of interference with the services that such carrier, landlord, custodian, or other person is providing the target of such surveillance (thereby retaining the ability to conduct surveillance on such targets regardless of the type of communications methods or devices being used by the subject of the surveillance).  Prohibits information relating to a U.S. person from being acquired pursuant to FISA without a valid warrant based on probable cause. Prohibits the federal government from requiring manufacturers of electronic devices and related software to build in mechanisms allowing the federal government to bypass encryption or privacy technology.  Directs the Comptroller General (GAO) to report annually on the federal government's compliance with FISA. Permits an employee of or contractor to an element of the intelligence community with knowledge of FISA-authorized programs and activities to submit a covered complaint to the Comptroller General, to the House or Senate intelligence committees, or in accordance with a process under the National Security Act of 1947 with respect to reports made to the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community. Defines a &quot;covered complaint&quot; as a complaint or information concerning FISA-authorized programs and activities that an employee or contractor reasonably believes is evidence of: (1) a violation of any law, rule, or regulation; or (2) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety. Subjects an officer or employee of an element of the intelligence community to administrative sanctions, including termination, for taking retaliatory action against an employee or contractor who seeks to disclose, or who discloses, such information.
Establishes the Congressional Trade Office to advise Congress on trade policy.
Vietnam Human Rights Sanctions Act  This bill requires the President to: (1) impose financial and immigration/entry sanctions on listed nationals of Vietnam who are complicit in human rights abuses committed against nationals of Vietnam or their family members, regardless of whether such abuses occurred in Vietnam; and (2) submit to Congress a publicly available list of individuals determined to be complicit in such human rights abuses. The President may waive sanctions to comply with international agreements or if in the U.S. national interest. Sanctions shall be terminated if the President certifies to Congress that the government of Vietnam has: (1) released all political prisoners; (2) ceased its practices of violence, detention, and abuse of citizens of Vietnam engaging in peaceful political activity; and (3) conducted a transparent investigation into the killings, arrest, and abuse of such political activists and prosecuted those responsible. It is the sense of Congress that: (1) the U.S.-Vietnam relationship cannot progress while the government of Vietnam's human rights record continues to deteriorate, and (2) the Secretary of State should designate Vietnam as a country of particular concern with respect to religious freedom.
Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to transfer from the Federal Old- Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund to each account holder's KidSave Account: (1) $2,000, on the date such individual's KidSave Account is established; plus (2) other, including rollover, contributions, by or on behalf of the individual, the aggregate amount of which in the case of any individual below age 19 is capped at $500 for any taxable year. Provides for the treatment of distributions.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to exclude from gross income any rollovers into a KidSave Account.
Coal-to-Liquid Fuel Promotion Energy Act of 2006 - Amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to include among the projects eligible for Department of Energy (DOE) loan guarantees large-scale coal-to-liquid facilities that use a feedstock, the majority of which is domestic coal resources, to produce at least 10,000 barrels a day of liquid transportation fuel.

Instructs the Secretary of Energy (Secretary) to establish a federal loan program for coal-to-liquid facilities.

Directs the Secretary to promulgate regulations to support the development of coal-to-liquid manufacturing facilities and associated infrastructure on DOE and other federal lands, including military bases and military installations closed or realigned under the defense base closure and realignment.

Authorizes the Secretary to construct storage facilities: (1) in the vicinity of pipeline infrastructure and at least one military base; but (2) outside the boundaries of any state on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico.

Authorizes the Secretary to acquire, place in storage, transport, or exchange coal-to-liquid products, not to exceed 20% of the total quantity of petroleum products in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.

Authorizes appropriations for the Air Force Research Laboratory to continue support efforts to test, qualify, and procure synthetic fuels developed from coal for aviation jet use.

Amends federal law governing Armed Forces fuel procurement to authorize the Secretary of Defense to enter into agreements with private companies to develop and operate coal-to-liquid facilities on or near military installations.
Public Servant Retirement Protection Act of 2005 - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to repeal the current windfall elimination provision (WEP) (that reduces the Social Security benefits of workers who also have pension benefits from employment not covered by Social Security) for individuals first performing non-covered service beginning one year after enactment of this Act.

Establishes a new formula for the treatment of non-covered earnings in determining Social Security benefits. Applies such formula to individuals subject to the current WEP if the benefit under the new formula would be higher.
Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2012 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Internal Revenue Code to extend through February 17, 2012, increased excise taxes on aviation fuels, the excise tax on air transportation of persons and property, and the expenditure authority for the Airport and Airway Trust Fund.

(Sec. 4) Extends through February 17, 2012: (1) the authorization of appropriations for airport planning and development and noise compatibility planning projects (known as airport improvement projects [AIPs]), and (2) the authority of the Secretary of Transportation (DOT) to make new AIP grants.

(Sec. 5) Extends through February 17, 2012: (1) the pilot program for passenger facility fee authorizations at non-hub airports, and (2) disclosure requirements for large and medium hub airports applying for AIP grants.

Authorizes appropriations to the Secretary through February 17, 2012, to make agreements to provide small community air service assistance to underserved airports.

Directs the Secretary to extend through February 17, 2012, the termination date of insurance coverage for domestic or foreign-flag aircraft. Grants the Secretary discretionary authority to further extend such coverage through May 17, 2012. Extends through May 17, 2012, the authority of the Secretary to limit air carrier liability for claims arising out of acts of terrorism.

Extends through February 17, 2012: (1) grant eligibility for airports located in the Marshall Islands, Micronesia, and Palau; (2) grants to state and local governments for land use compatibility AIPs; and (3) authority for approving an application of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority for an airport development grant or for permission to impose a passenger facility fee.

Amends the Vision 100-Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act to extend through February 17, 2012: (1) the temporary increase to 95% of the federal government's share of certain AIP costs, (2) funding for airport development at Midway Island Airport, and (3) the effective period of final orders of the Secretary regarding the eligibility of small communities for essential air service subsidies.

(Sec. 6) Authorizes appropriations to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for the period from October 1, 2011, through February 17, 2012, for: (1) FAA operations; (2) air navigation facilities and equipment; and (3) civil aviation research, engineering, and development.

(Sec. 9) Authorizes appropriations out of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund for the period from October 1, 2011, through February 17, 2012, for the essential air service (EAS) program.
Federal Land Invasive Species Control, Prevention, and Management Act This bill directs each agency concerned (the Department of the Interior for federal land administered through the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Bureau of Reclamation, National Park Service, or U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service; the Department of Agriculture [USDA] for federal land administered through the U.S. Forest Service; and any other federal agency the duties of which require planning related to, and the treatment of, invasive species on federal land) to plan and carry out activities on land directly managed by the agency concerned to control and manage invasive species in order to inhibit or reduce their populations and to effectuate restoration or reclamation efforts.   The agency concerned shall develop a strategic plan for the implementation of an invasive species program that endeavors to achieve a substantive annual net reduction of invasive species populations or infested acreage on land managed by that agency.   Each strategic plan shall be developed: (1) in coordination with eligible states, their political subdivisions, and federally recognized Indian tribes; and (2) according to the priorities established by at least one governor of an eligible state in which an ecosystem affected by an invasive species is located.   The agency concerned shall prioritize the use of the least costly option necessary to perform effectively, based on sound scientific data and other commonly used cost-effective benchmarks in an area.   Projects and activities carried out under this bill must be coordinated with affected local governments according to certain criteria regarding the development and revision of land use plans under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976. 
Mark Twain Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue $5 gold coins and $1 silver coins emblematic of the life and legacy of Mark Twain.

Limits issuance of such coins to calendar year 2016.

Requires specified surcharges in the sale of such coins, which shall be promptly paid, in specified percentages, to: (1) the Mark Twain House & Museum in Hartford, Connecticut, to support the continued restoration of the house and grounds, and ensure continuing growth and innovation in museum programming to research, promote, and educate on the legacy of Mark Twain; (2) the University of California, Berkeley, for the benefit of the Mark Twain Project at the Bancroft Library to support programs to study and promote the legacy of Mark Twain; (3) Elmira College, New York, for research and education purposes; and (4) the Mark Twain Boyhood Home and Museum in Hannibal, Missouri, to preserve historical sites related to Mark Twain and help support study and promotion programs.

Directs the Secretary to take actions to ensure that: (1) minting and issuing such coins will not result in any net cost to the federal government, and (2) no funds, including applicable surcharges, are disbursed to any recipient designated in this Act until the total cost of designing and issuing all of the coins authorized by this Act is recovered by the Treasury.
ALS Registry Act - (Sec. 2) Amends the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), if scientifically advisable, to: (1) develop a system to collect data on amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and other motor neuron disorders that can be confused with ALS, misdiagnosed as ALS, or progress to ALS; and (2) establish a national registry for the collection and storage of such data to develop a population-based registry of cases.

Authorizes the Secretary, acting through the Director, to establish the Advisory Committee on the National ALS Registry, which may review information and make recommendations to the Secretary concerning: (1) the development and maintenance of the registry; (2) the type of information to be included; (3) the manner in which data is to be collected; (4) the use and availability of such data; and (5) the collection of information about diseases and disorders that primarily affect motor neurons that are considered essential to furthering the study and cure of ALS.

Allows the Secretary, acting through the Director, to award grants to, and enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with, public or private nonprofit entities for the collection, analysis, and reporting of data on ALS and other motor neuron disorders.

Authorizes the Secretary, acting through the Director, to: (1) identify, build upon, expand, and coordinate among existing data and surveillance systems, surveys, registries, and other federal public health and environmental infrastructure wherever possible; and (2) provide for research access to ALS data as recommended by the Advisory Committee in a manner that protects personal privacy.

Allows the Secretary to ensure that epidemiological and other types of information is made available to the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).

(Sec. 3) Authorizes the Secretary to report to the appropriate congressional committees on ALS registries, including: (1) the registries currently under way and future planned registries; (2) the criteria involved in determining what registries to conduct, defer, or suspend; (3) the scope of those registries; and (4) the activities the Secretary undertakes to establish partnerships with research and patient advocacy communities to expand registries.
Farmington Wild and Scenic River Act - Amends the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (the Act) to designate a specified segment of the Farmington River in Connecticut as a component of the National Wild and Scenic River System. 
Requires the segment to be:  (1) administered as a recreational river by the Secretary of the Interior in cooperation with the Farmington River Coordinating Committee (established under this Act); and (2) managed in accordance with the Upper Farmington River Management Plan.  Deems the Plan to satisfy the requirement for a comprehensive management plan pursuant to the Act. 
Requires the Director of the National Park Service to represent the Secretary in implementing the Plan and the Act with respect to the segment, including the review of proposed federally-assisted water resources that could adversely affect the values for which the segment was established. 
Authorizes the Director to enter into cooperative agreements with the State of Connecticut, the towns of Colebrook, Hartland, Barkhamsted, New Hartford, and Canton, Connecticut, and the Coordinating Committee that are consistent with the Plan and that may provide for financial or other Federal assistance to facilitate the long-term protection, conservation, and enhancement of the segment. 
Prohibits any portion of the segment from becoming a part of the National Park System. 
Provides for the continued operation of the Colebrook Dam and Goodwin Dam hydroelectric projects, under specified conditions, and the continued operation of the Colebrook Dam and Reservoir by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for flood control. 
Requires the Plan to serve as the primary source of information regarding the flows needed to maintain instream resources and the potential compatibility between resource protection and possible water supply withdrawals. 
Provides that:  (1) the zoning ordinances adopted by specified towns and the river protection overlay districts in effect on the enactment of this Act satisfy the standards and requirements of the Act; and (2) all lands along the segment and its tributaries shall be managed by the owners of the land. 
Authorizes:  (1) the Government to acquire land along the segment or its tributaries for purposes other than wild and scenic river designation; and (2) the use of Federal funds administered by State and local agencies to acquire such land. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Travel Regional Investment Partnership Act - Directs the Secretary of Commerce to establish a competitive grant program to promote domestic regional tourism growth and new domestic tourism markets. Limits grant amounts to a minimum of $100,000 and a maximum of $1 million. Allows such grants to be awarded to state tourism offices, local destination marketing organizations, and partnerships between a state or local government and local tourism entities. Requires matching funds from grant recipients.

Directs the Secretary to report annually to Congress on travel-generated expenditures, receipts, and employment related to the use of such grants.
Local Community Radio Act of 2007 - Repeals provisions in the Departments of Commerce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2001, that required the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to: (1) modify rules authorizing the operation of low-power FM radio stations to prescribe minimum distance separations for third-adjacent channels; (2) prohibit applicants who have engaged in the unlicensed operation of any station from obtaining a low-power FM license; and (3) conduct a program to test whether low-power FM radio stations will result in harmful interference to existing FM radio stations if minimum distance separations for third-adjacent channels are not required.

Requires the FCC to: (1) modify its rules to eliminate third-adjacent minimum distance separation requirements between specified stations; and (2) retain rules that provide third-adjacent channel protection for full-power noncommercial FM stations that broadcast radio reading services via a subcarrier frequency from potential low-power FM station interference.

Requires the FCC, when licensing FM translator stations, to ensure: (1) that licenses are available to both FM translator stations and low-power FM stations; and (2) that such decisions are made based on the needs of the local community.

Requires the FCC to: (1) modify rules authorizing the operation of low-power FM radio stations, as proposed in a specified docket, to prohibit any applicant from obtaining a low-power FM license if the applicant has engaged in any manner in the unlicensed operation of any station; (2) retain its rules that provide third-adjacent channel protection for full-power FM stations that are licensed in states with more than 3,000,000 housing units and a population density greater than 1,000 people per square mile land area; and (3) conduct an economic study on the impact that low-power FM stations will have on full-power commercial FM stations.
Anwar Sadat Centennial Celebration Act  (Sec. 3) This bill directs the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate to arrange for the posthumous award of a Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his achievements and heroic actions to attain comprehensive peace in the Middle East.  Such medal shall be presented to: (1) the widow of Anwar Sadat, Jehan Sadat, or her next of kin; and (2) a representative of the government of Egypt.
Equity in Fertility Coverage Act of 2005 - Amends the Public Health Service Act and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) to require a group health plan, and a health insurance issuer offering group health insurance coverage, that provides coverage of impotency medications such as Viagra to also provide coverage of fertility treatments.

Applies such requirements to coverage offered in the individual market and to coverage offered through the federal employees health benefit plan.
Promoting New Manufacturing Act - (Sec. 2) Requires the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to publish on its website for FY2008 and each subsequent fiscal year:   the total number of preconstruction permits issued annually under the Clean Air Act's New Source Review Program for the construction or modification of a major emitting facility or major stationary source (any stationary facility or source of air pollutants which directly emits, or has the potential to emit, 100 tons per year or more of any air pollutant);  the percentage of permits issued within one year of the application; and  the average length of time for the EPA's Environmental Appeals Board to decide appeals of decisions to grant or deny a permit.  (Sec. 3) Requires the EPA to publish concurrently regulations and guidance for implementing any final rule establishing or revising a national ambient air quality standard (NAAQS). Prohibits a NAAQS from applying to the review and disposition of a permit application until the EPA has met this requirement.  Prohibits this Act from being construed to eliminate the obligation of a preconstruction permit applicant to install best available control technology and the lowest achievable emissions rate technology. (Sec. 4) Requires the EPA to submit annually a report on actions to expedite the process for review of preconstruction permits.
Mercury in Dental Fillings Disclosure and Prohibition Act - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to deem any drug or device to be adulterated if it contains mercury intended for use in a dental filling, effective January 1, 2009.

Deems a device that contains mercury intended for use in a dental filling to be misbranded, effective December 31, 2007, unless it bears a specified warning label that it: (1) contains mercury, a highly toxic element; (2) should not be administered to children under age 18 or to pregnant or lactating women; and (3) poses health risks.
Veteran Urgent Access to Mental Healthcare Act  (Sec. 2) This bill directs the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to furnish to former members of the Armed Forces: (1) an initial mental health assessment; and (2) the mental health care services required to treat the member's urgent mental health care needs, including risk of suicide or harming others.   A former member of the Armed Forces is an individual who:   served in the active military, naval, or air service, was discharged or released under a condition less than honorable (except a dishonorable or bad conduct discharge), has applied for a character of service determination that has not yet been made, and is not otherwise eligible to enroll in the VA health care system by reason of such discharge or release; or  while serving in the Armed Forces, was deployed in a theater of combat operations or an area at a time during which hostilities occurred in that area, participated in or experienced such combat operations or hostilities (including by controlling an unmanned aerial vehicle from a location other than such theater or area), or was the victim of a physical assault of a sexual nature, battery of a sexual nature, or sexual harassment.  The VA may provide such mental health care services at a non-VA facility if: (1) the receipt of mental health care services by an individual in VA facilities would be clinically inadvisable, or (2) VA facilities are not capable of furnishing such mental health care services to that individual economically because of geographical inaccessibility.   The VA shall: (1) seek to ensure that such mental health care services are furnished in a therapeutically appropriate setting, and (2) provide referral services to assist former members who are not eligible for such VA services in obtaining services from non-VA sources.  (Sec. 3) The VA shall establish a process by which an individual who was discharged from the Armed Forces can seek a VA determination as to whether the discharge was under a condition barring the individual from receiving a VA benefit. If the VA determines that the individual is so barred, the VA shall provide such individual with information regarding his or her ability to address such condition.
This bill directs the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate to arrange for the collective award of a Congressional Gold Medal to the troops from the United States and the Philippines who defended Bataan, Philippines, and were subsequently prisoners of war in recognition of their personal sacrifice and service during World War II.  The medal shall be displayed at the Smithsonian Institution, which is urged to make the medal available for display at other locations associated with such troops.
International Travelers Bill of Rights Act of 2011 - Requires an individual or entity that operates a website that provides access to international travel services to provide on its website, in a clear and conspicuous way, information regarding the health and safety risks of overseas vacation destinations marketed on the site, including (1) information compiled by the Department of State that includes country-specific travel warnings and alerts; and (2) information on the availability of onsite health and safety services or a disclaimer that such services may not be available and travel may pose an increased risk to health or safety.

Requires a site operator to: (1) establish a process under which an overseas vacation destination will be suspended from its website as a result of consumer complaints regarding poor medical care, unsafe or unsanitary facilities, or other health-related issues; and (2) make all such complaints publicly available on its website. Allows an operator to modify complaints at the request of the complainant and to remove offensive language and personal identification information.

Treats a violation as an unfair or deceptive act or practice under the Federal Trade Commission Act.
Provides immigration relief for aliens who are determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to have: (1) obtained nonimmigrant status on or after January 1, 1980, and who at that time were nationals of the Republic of Korea; (2) applied before January 1, 1999, through one or more immigration brokers for adjustment of status to that of a lawful permanent resident (LPR) through the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) office in San Jose, California; (3) obtained approval for adjustment as the result of bribery by such brokers of an INS supervisor; and (4) had no actual knowledge of the fraud at the time of adjustment. Extends relief to the spouse and children of eligible aliens granted derivative LPR status.

 Prohibits the immigration fraud reflected by such bribery from being considered in determining the admissibility or removability of eligible aliens.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) restore an eligible alien's status as if the original adjustment had been lawful, including where LPR status and naturalization were rescinded on the basis of the fraud; and (2) parole into the United States eligible aliens who were removed or who voluntarily departed in connection with charges relating to the fraud for purposes of filing an application for relief under this Act.

Prohibits the Secretary of State from reducing the number of available immigrant visas as the result of the approval of such an application for relief.
.  National Clinical Care Commission Act (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Public Health Service Act to establish within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) a National Clinical Care Commission to evaluate and recommend solutions regarding better coordination and leveraging of federal programs that relate to supporting clinical care for individuals with complex metabolic or autoimmune disease, diabetes, or complications caused by such diseases.  The duties of the commission include:  evaluating HHS programs regarding the utilization of preventive health benefits, identifying current activities and gaps in federal efforts to support clinicians in providing integrated care, making recommendations regarding the development and coordination of federally funded clinical practice support tools, recommending clinical pathways for new technologies and treatments, evaluating and expanding education and awareness activities provided to health care professionals, and reviewing and recommending methods for outreach and dissemination of educational resources.  The commission must submit an operating plan to HHS and Congress within 90 days of its first meeting. The commission is terminated after it submits a final report, but not later than the end of FY2021.
Rural Health Training Incentive Act - Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services, through the Director of the Office of Rural Health Policy, to award matching grants to five accredited schools of medicine or accredited schools of nursing to enable each school to conduct a demonstration program to encourage more health professionals to practice in rural areas.

Requires at least one grant for a demonstration program for: (1) physicians in family medicine that includes a regional consortium with three or more family medicine residency programs that each have a residency rural training program and are located in three or more States; and (2) nurses, including registered nurses, nurse anesthetists, and nurse practitioners.
Save for Success Act  This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code, with respect to the American Opportunity Tax Credit for qualified tuition and related expenses, to: (1) permit up to $250 of the credit per year to be used for college savings contributions that are taken into account before tuition and fees, (2) direct the Departments of the Treasury and Education to jointly establish a pilot program to make periodic payments of the credit as educational expenses for a student are incurred during the taxable year, and (3) direct Treasury to establish a taxpayer awareness program to inform the public of the availability of the credit. 
Supply Our Soldiers Act of 2007 - Directs the Secretary of Defense to provide for a program under which postal benefits are provided to a member of the Armed Forces who is on active duty and who is either: (1) serving in Iraq or Afghanistan; or (2) hospitalized at a military medical facility as a result of such service. Provides the postal benefits in the form of coupons or other evidence of credit (vouchers) to use for postal-free mailings.
Walnut Canyon Study Act of 2004 - Directs the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to conduct a study of specified Federal land in Coconino National Forest, State and private lands, and Walnut Canyon National Monument in Arizona (the study area) to evaluate: (1) the significance of the resources of the study area as they pertain to the management objectives of the Forest Service and the National Park Service (NPS); (2) the opportunities for maintaining existing public uses, such as grazing, hunting, and recreation; and (3) a range of options for managing and conserving resources by the NPS or the Forest Service, or by both agencies, including the feasibility of a boundary adjustment to the Monument, designation of the study area as a national park or preserve, maintaining the study area as managed by the Forest Service, and any other designation or management option that will accomplish the protection of resources and the maintenance of public use and access for such area.

Requires the Secretaries to: (1) contract with a third-party consultant with experience in park and land use planning to prepare a draft study; and (2) collaborate with the Forest Supervisor of the Coconino National Forest, the Superintendent of the Flagstaff Area National Monuments, the Flagstaff City Council, and Coconino County Board of Supervisors in developing a scope of work for the draft study under the guidance of the third-party consultant.
Small Business Year 2000 Readiness Act - Amends the Small Business Act to authorize the Small Business Administration (SBA), during the period ending on December 31, 2000, to: (1) guarantee loans made by eligible lenders to small businesses to address Year 2000 computer problems (Y2K problem), including repair and acquisition, consulting, and related expenses; and (2) provide relief for a substantial economic injury incurred by a small business as a direct result of Y2K problems.  Provides loan amounts and administration participation limits.  Requires an annual report from the SBA to the congressional small business committees on the loan guarantee program.
Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018  (Sec. 3) This bill requires the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to establish the Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Technology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States. The task force must identify current gaps in the availability of broadband Internet access service on agricultural land and recommend policies to expand its deployment. The Department of Agriculture and the FCC shall jointly submit to the task force a list of all federal programs or resources available for the expansion of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land. The FCC shall renew the task force every two years until it terminates on January 1, 2025.
Better Pharmaceuticals for Children Act - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow for additional deferred effective dates for the approval of certain new drug applications to allow for additional pediatric information developed by further studies of the drug concerned.
Reservist's Employer Support Paycheck Enhancement Act of 2006 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow employers a tax credit for 50% of the wages paid to their employees on active military duty for more than 90 days as Ready Reserve or National Guard and for 50% of the wages paid to temporary replacement employees.
National Adoption and Foster Care Home Study Act This bill amends the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to direct a state receiving from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) a community-based formula grant for the prevention of child abuse and neglect to establish a demonstration program through which the state:  adopts a specific evidence-based, uniform, national home study program for the evaluation of prospective foster parents and adoptive parents; and  furnishes HHS with data gathered through operation of the program.  HHS shall establish a national registry of home study reports filed by home study practitioners using an HHS-developed methodology meeting specified criteria. This registry must be accessible to state foster care and adoption agencies, or a designated entity as determined by the lead agency in the state, to assist with the selection of prospective foster parents and adoptive parents.
Twenty-First Century Water Commission Act of 2009 - Establishes the Twenty-First Century Water Commission to: (1) project future water supply and demand; (2) study current water management programs of federal, interstate, state, and local agencies and private sector entities directed at increasing water supplies and improving the availability, reliability, and quality of freshwater resources; and (3) consult with representatives of such agencies and entities to develop recommendations for a comprehensive water strategy. Requires that such strategy: (1) identify incentives intended to ensure an adequate and dependable water supply to meet U.S. needs for the next 50 years; (2) suggest strategies that avoid increased mandates on state and local governments, considering all available technologies; and (3) suggest financing options.
Screening Mammography Act of 2001 - Amends the Public Health Service Act (PHSA) and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) to require that a group health plan (and a health insurance issuer offering group coverage) that provides coverage for diagnostic mammography for any class of participants or beneficiaries also cover annual screening mammography for that class under terms that are not less favorable. Prohibits: (1) denying screening coverage on the basis that it is not medically necessary or not pursuant to a referral or recommendation; (2) denying eligibility, enrollment, or renewal solely to avoid this requirement; (3) providing monetary incentives to participants or beneficiaries to encourage them to accept less; or (4) penalizing or providing incentives to providers. Allows State laws providing at least these protections.Amends PHSA to apply such requirements and prohibitions to health coverage in the individual market.Amends the Social Security Act to revise title XIX (Medicaid) to mandate coverage of annual screening mammographies.
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the House on June 2, 2017.  Santa Ana River Wash Plan Land Exchange Act (Sec. 3) This bill directs the Department of the Interior: (1) to convey to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District in California approximately 327 acres of identified federal land administered by the Bureau of Land Management and any portion of an identified federal parcel necessary to equalize the values of the lands exchanged; and (2) to accept in exchange approximately 310 acres of district land and any portion of an identified nonfederal parcel necessary to equalize the values of the lands exchanged.  To the extent an equalization payment is necessary pursuant to the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976, the amount of such payment shall first be made by way of an in-kind transfer as may be necessary to equalize the fair market values of the properties exchanged. If after such in-kind transfer: (1) the value of the federal lands exceeds the value of the nonfederal lands, the district may make a payment equal to the remaining amount to the United States (if the district opts not to make such payment, the exchange shall not proceed); or (2) the value of the nonfederal lands exceeds the value of the federal lands, Interior shall order the exchange to proceed without requiring any additional payment by the United States to the district.  The values of the lands to be exchanged shall be determined by independent and qualified appraisers according to nationally recognized appraisal standards.  The district shall pay any costs related to such conveyance. (Sec. 4) The land exchange shall be subject to continuing rights of the district to use, maintain, operate, construct, or relocate or expand groundwater recharge facilities on the nonfederal land exchanged to accommodate groundwater recharge of the Bunker Hill Basin to the extent that those activities are not in conflict with any Habitat Conservation Plan or Habitat Management Plan under which such nonfederal land may be held or managed.  (Sec. 5) The bill terminates Secretarial Order 241, dated November 11, 1929 (relating to the withdrawal of a portion of the federal land for an unconstructed transmission line) and revokes the withdrawal effected by such order. 
Balanced Budget Accountability Act This bill requires the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), upon adoption by a chamber of Congress of a concurrent budget resolution for a fiscal year, to determine and submit to the Speaker of the House of Representatives or the President pro tempore of the Senate a certification as to whether that chamber has adopted a balanced budget.   &quot;Balanced budget&quot; means a concurrent budget resolution providing that for FY2027 and each succeeding fiscal year to which the resolution applies total outlays do not exceed total receipts and are not more than 18% of the gross domestic product for such fiscal year.  If OMB does not certify that a chamber has adopted a balanced budget for FY2018 before April 16, 2017, the payroll administrator of each chamber must deposit in an escrow account all payments for compensation of Members of Congress serving in that chamber otherwise required beginning on such date. Such deposits shall be released to such Members on the earlier of: (1) the day on which OMB certifies that the chamber has adopted a balanced budget for FY2018, or (2) the last day of the 115th Congress.  The same requirements shall apply for FY2019 if OMB does not certify that a chamber has adopted a balanced budget for FY2019 before April 16, 2018. If OMB does not certify that a chamber has adopted a balanced budget for FY2020, or any succeeding fiscal year, before April 16 of the prior fiscal year, each Member of that chamber shall be paid $1 annually for pay periods for the same calendar year after that date.  This bill requires legislation in the House and Senate that increases revenue to be agreed upon only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of that chamber.
Congressional Pay for Performance Act - Suspends basic pay adjustments for Members of Congress, and requires pay reductions, until the deficit is reduced to below $50,000,000,000 without the enactment of any change in the Internal Revenue Code. 
Requires an annual reduction in pay by a percentage equal to:  (1) two percent times the number of hundreds of billions of dollars of the deficit in the first year after enactment; or (2) twice that percentage for any year following a year for which the deficit is not at least $100,000,000,000 less than the lowest level attained after enactment of this Act. 
Suspends pay reductions upon enactment of a declaration of war and reinstates them when the state of war is concluded. 
Restores pay adjustment procedures suspended by this Act, and provides for a rate of basic pay of twice the rate in effect as of the effective date of this Act, for the first year with respect to which the deficit is less than $50,000,000,000.
Puget Sound Recovery Act of 2009 - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (commonly known as the Clean Water Act) to direct the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to: (1) establish a Puget Sound Program Office, to be co-located with the Puget Sound Partnership in Washington; and (2) appoint a Director of the Office.

Requires the Administrator, acting through the Director, to: (1) assist and support the implementation of the Puget Sound Action Agenda; (2) provide funding and make grants for implementation of the Agenda and related projects; (3) promote methodologies and technologies that are cost-effective and consistent with the goals and objectives of the Agenda and the EPA permitting processes; (4) coordinate the major functions of the federal government relating to the implementation of the Agenda; (5) coordinate the research and planning projects authorized under this Act with federal and state agencies, tribes, universities, and the Puget Sound Partnership's Science Panel; (6) track progress toward meeting the identified goals and objectives of the Agenda; (7) coordinate projects, programs, and studies for the protection of Puget Sound, the Strait of Georgia, and the Strait of Juan de Fuca with Canadian authorities; (8) collect and make available to the public publications and information relating to the environmental quality of Puget Sound; and (9) implement projects, programs, and studies to implement the Agenda.

Requires the Administrator to establish a Puget Sound Program Advisory Council to provide advice on the implementation of the Agenda's goals and objectives.

Requires the Administrator and the Executive Director of the Puget Sound Partnership to a report, biennially, to Congress on implementation of the Agenda.

Allows the Administrator, acting through the Director, to make grants for projects, programs, and studies to implement the Agenda, including a comprehensive grant to the Partnership to manage such implementation.

Requires the President, as part of the annual budget, to submit information regarding expenditures and roles of each federal agency involved in Puget Sound protection and restoration.
National Center for Social Work Research Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to establish the National Center for Social Work Research as an agency of the National Institutes of Health. Authorizes the Center to establish research traineeships and fellowships, provide stipends and allowances, and make grants. Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish an advisory council for the Center.
Volunteer Protection Act of 1997 - States that this Act preempts inconsistent State law except when such law provides additional protection from liability relating to volunteers in the performance of services for a nonprofit organization or governmental entity.  Makes this Act inapplicable to any civil action in a State court against a volunteer in which all parties are citizens of the State if such State enacts a statute declaring its election that this Act not apply. 
Exempts a volunteer of a nonprofit organization or governmental entity from liability for harm caused by an act or omission of the volunteer on behalf of such organization or entity if:  (1) the volunteer was acting within the scope of his or her responsibilities at the time; (2) the volunteer was properly licensed or otherwise authorized for the activities or practice in the State in which the harm occurred; (3) the harm was not caused by willful or criminal misconduct, gross negligence, reckless misconduct, or a conscious, flagrant indifference to the rights or safety of the individual harmed; and (4) the harm was not caused by the volunteer operating a motor vehicle, vessel, aircraft, or other vehicle for which the State requires the operator or owner to possess an operator's license or maintain insurance. 
Specifies conditions of State laws limiting volunteer liability which shall not be construed as inconsistent with this Act. 
Prohibits the award of punitive damages against a volunteer unless the claimant establishes by clear and convincing evidence that the harm was proximately caused by an action of such volunteer which constitutes willful or criminal misconduct or a conscious, flagrant indifference to the rights or safety of the individual harmed. 
Provides that the volunteer liability limitations of this Act shall not apply to any misconduct:  (1) that constitutes a crime of violence, an act of international terrorism, or a hate crime; (2) that involves a sexual offense or a violation of civil rights law; or (3) where the defendant was under the influence of intoxicating alcohol or any drug. 
Makes each volunteer liable for noneconomic loss only in the amount allocated to such defendant in direct proportion to the percentage of responsibility for the harm for which that defendant is liable.  Requires the trier of fact to determine such percentage of responsibility.
Consumer Products Safe Testing Act - Requires each Federal department or agency (department) head to:  (1)  evaluate any regulation, guideline, or recommendation issued by that department which requires, recommends, or encourages the use of the Draize or other animal acute toxicity test (animal test) to evaluate the safety of a regulated product; (2) evaluate nonanimal alternatives with the potential for partial or full replacement of such test; and (3) promulgate regulations, guidelines, or recommendations that specify a nonanimal acute toxicity test or battery of tests that should be used instead of an animal test unless the nonanimal test is less likely to predict the acute health effects of a product on humans. 
Directs the appropriate Federal department, if a determination is made that no nonanimal test is as likely to predict the human reaction to the regulated product as the animal test, to publish in the Federal Register an explanation of all options considered and the justification for continuing the animal test, which shall be subject to public comment. 
Requires each Federal department head, at least every two years (beginning three years after this Act's enactment date), after considering the most recent technological advances available, to determine whether continued use of any animal test is justified (and if the department head determines that such use is justified, such head shall publish an explanation and justification for such continued use in the Federal Register, which shall be subject to public comment). 
Makes this Act inapplicable to regulations, guidelines, or recommendations related to medical research.
America Rx Act of 2003 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a program to provide qualified U.S. residents with access to discounted prices for outpatient prescription drugs.
Labor Statistics Improvement Act - Establishes an independent Commission to Improve Labor Statistics. Directs the Commission to: (1) examine and make an assessment of the process by which the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) collects, processes, analyzes, and disseminates statistical data relating to unemployment rates, including the methods used for determining that an individual is considered to be looking for work; (2) formulate recommendations for any improvement to such process and methods, including proposals for any alternative measures of labor force participation, taking into account evidence that the official unemployment rate doesn't always accurately reflect labor market strength; and (3) develop a new method for determining and reporting underemployment that takes into consideration workers who are not in jobs that match their skill set or education and who are earning less than other workers in similar occupations or with similar skill sets and education. Directs the Commission to transmit a report to the President and Congress within 180 days after all of its original members have been appointed. Terminates the Commission 60 days after it submits such report.    
Church Arson Prevention Act of 1996 - Makes Federal criminal code prohibitions against, and penalties for, damaging religious property or obstructing any person's free exercise of religious beliefs applicable where:  (1) the property is damaged because of its racial or ethnic character; and (2) the offense is in, or affects, interstate commerce.  (Currently such provisions apply only where:  (1) the property is damaged because of its religious character; (2) the defendant, in committing the offense, travels in interstate or foreign commerce or uses a facility or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce in interstate or foreign commerce; and (3) the loss exceeds $10,000.) 
Prohibits intentionally defacing, damaging, or destroying religious real property (or attempting to do so) because of the race, color, religious, or ethnic characteristics of any individual associated with such property. 
Increases penalties for violations of such provisions where bodily injury results or where such acts include the use, or attempted or threatened use, of a dangerous weapon, explosives, or fire. 
Includes within the definition of "religious property" fixtures or religious objects contained within a place of religious worship. 
Sets a seven-year statute of limitation for the prosecution, trial, or punishment of a person for any noncapital offense under such provisions. 
Authorizes the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to use up to $5 million of the credit subsidy provided under the General and Special Risk Insurance Fund for guaranteed loans to financial institutions in connection with loans made to assist certain tax exempt religious or other organizations that have been damaged by arson or terrorism. 
Authorizes appropriations to the Departments of the Treasury and Justice, including the Community Relations Service, to increase personnel to investigate, prevent, and respond to potential violations of this Act and Federal explosives prohibitions. 
Reauthorizes the Hate Crimes Statistics Act. 
Commends those individuals and entities that have responded with funds to assist in the rebuilding of places of worship that have been victimized by arson.  Encourages the private sector to continue such efforts.
Mark Twain Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue $5 gold coins and $1 silver coins emblematic of the life and legacy of Mark Twain.

Limits issuance of such coins to calendar year 2013.

Requires specified surcharges in the sale of such coins, which shall be promptly paid, in specified percentages, to: (1) the Mark Twain House & Museum in Hartford, Connecticut, to support the continued restoration of the house and grounds, and ensure continuing growth and innovation in museum programming to research, promote, and educate on the legacy of Mark Twain; (2) the Mark Twain Project at the Bancroft Library of University of California, Berkeley, California, to support programs to study and promote Mark Twain's legacy; (3) the Center for Mark Twain Studies at Elmira College, New York, for the same purposes; and (4) the Mark Twain Boyhood Home and Museum in Hannibal, Missouri, to preserve historical sites related to Mark Twain and help support study and promotion programs.
Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act Improvements Act of 2009 - Amends the federal criminal code to: (1) expand the definition of "law enforcement officers," for purposes of provisions authorizing such officers to carry concealed weapons, to include current and retired law enforcement officers of the Amtrak Police Department, the Federal Reserve System, the executive branch, and the Armed Forces; (2) allow law enforcement officers who are retired or who separated in good standing after at least ten years of service to carry a concealed weapon; and (3) expand the categories of law enforcement officers authorized to possess a fireman in a school zone to include retired law enforcement officers.
Poison Control Center Enhancement and Awareness Act - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide coordination and assistance to regional poison control centers for the establishment of a nationwide toll-free phone number to be used to access such centers.  Authorizes appropriations for FY 1999 through 2001. 
Requires the Secretary to establish a national media campaign to educate the public about poison prevention and the availability of poison control resources in local communities and to conduct advertising campaigns concerning the nationwide toll-free number.  Authorizes appropriations for FY 1999 through 2003. 
Directs the Secretary to award grants to certified regional poison control centers for purposes of achieving financial stability and for preventing and providing treatment recommendations for poisoning. Lists other activities for which the Secretary shall use funds.  Sets forth center certification requirements.  Authorizes appropriations for FY 1999 through 2001.
Smarter Approach to Nuclear Expenditures Act Prohibits the obligation or expenditure of funds authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense (DOD) for FY2015-FY2024: (1) for the research, development, test, and evaluation (RDT&amp;E) or procurement of a long-range penetrating bomber aircraft; (2) to procure an SSBN-X submarine (and prohibits the use of such funds for FY2025 and thereafter to procure more than eight such submarines); or (3) for the RDT&amp;E or procurement of a new intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). Prohibits the obligation or expenditure of funds authorized to be appropriated for FY2015 or thereafter for DOD or the Department of Energy: (1) to make the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft capable of carrying nuclear weapons; (2) until the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy jointly certify that the total cost of the B61 life extension program has been reduced to not more than $4 billion; (3) for the W78 life extension program; (4) for the mixed oxide fuel fabrication facility project; (5) for the uranium processing facility at the Y-12 National Security Complex, Oak Ridge, Tennessee; or (6) for RDT&amp;E of a new air-launched cruise missile or for the W80 warhead life extension program. Prohibits Navy forces, beginning in FY2021, from including more than eight operational ballistic-missile submarines available for deployment. Requires initial and annual reports from the Secretaries of Defense and Energy outlining their respective plans to carry out the requirements of this Act. Directs the President to submit to Congress an annual report containing a comprehensive accounting by the Office of Management and Budget of the amounts obligated or expended by the federal government for each nuclear weapon and related nuclear program during the fiscal year covered by the report for the life cycle of such weapon or program.
Rural Education Development Initiative for the 21st Century Act - Directs the Secretary of Education to make grants to States for elementary and secondary education development by local educational agencies (LEAs) that are eligible because they serve: (1) a school-age population of whom 20 percent or more are from families with incomes below the poverty line; and (2) a school district in a rural locality, or a school-age population of 800 or fewer. 
Reserves a specified portion of grant funds for schools operated by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. 
Sets forth an allotment formula for grants to State educational agencies (SEAs) to make grants to eligible LEAs. 
Authorizes the Secretary to make direct competitive grants to specially qualified eligible rural LEAs in nonparticipating States. 
Requires LEAs or their schools to use grant funds for: (1) educational technology, including software and hardware; (2) professional development; (3) technical assistance; (4) teacher recruitment and retention; (5) parental involvement activities; or (6) academic enrichment programs. 
Requires SEAs to award grants on a competitive or formula basis. Requires that at least 90 percent of such funds be awarded to eligible LEAs.  Allows specified portions of the remainder to be used for: (1) assistance to schools that meet certain eligibility criteria, even though they are in noneligible LEAs; and (2) State activities and administrative costs related to the grant program. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Educational Empowerment Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow for the creation of up to 30 tax-qualified educational empowerment zones in certain low-income areas. Allows a tax credit for contributions to such educational empowerment zones for hiring new teachers, increasing teacher salaries, and training teachers. Establishes a teacher loan forgiveness program for certain certified elementary, middle, or secondary school teachers (e.g., writing, mathematics, and science teachers) in educational empowerment zones.
Business Activity Tax Simplification Act of 2011 - Expands the prohibition against state taxation of interstate commerce to include: (1) taxation of out-of-state sales transactions involving all forms of property, including intangible personal property and services (currently, only sales of tangible personal property are protected); and (2) all other business activity taxes in addition to net income taxes. Exempts from state taxation persons who enter a state merely to furnish information to customers andaffiliates, to cover news or other events, or to gather information in the state.

Sets forth jurisdictional standards for states in imposing, assessing, or collectinga net income tax or other business activity tax on interstate activities. Defines "physical presence in a state" as: (1) being an individual physically in a state or assigning one or more employees to be in a state, (2) using the services of an agent to establish or maintain the market in a state, and (3) leasing or owning tangible personal or real property in a state (excluding the leasing or licensing of computer software). Excludes from the definition of "physical presence" presence ina state for less than 15 days in a taxable year or presence in a state to conduct limited or transient business activity.

Provides that this Act shall not be construed to modify or affect any state business activity tax on a partnership, an S corporation or limited liability company,or a trust or estate that has a physical presence in the state or to supersede the authority of a state to enact a law or bring alaw enforcement action against persons or entities engaged in illegal activity or sham transactions.

Sets forth a rule for computing the net income tax or other business activity tax liability of an affiliated group.

Makes this Act applicable to taxable periods beginning on or after January 1, 2012.
Children's Hospitals Education Equity and Research (CHEER) Act of 2004 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make payments through FY 2010 (currently, through FY 2005) to children's hospitals for costs associated with operating approved graduate medical resident training programs.
Meth Free Families and Communities Act - (Sec. 2) Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Director of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment to collaborate with professionals in the addiction field and primary health care providers to raise awareness about how to: (1) recognize the signs of a substance abuse disorder; and (2) apply evidence-based practices for screening and treating individuals with, or at-risk for developing, an addiction.

(Sec. 3) Revises provisions governing a grant program for substance abuse residential treatment for pregnant and parenting women (currently, for postpartum women) to: (1) include treatment for addiction to methamphetamine, outpatient treatment services, and referrals for dental services; and (2) require programs to be accessible to pregnant and parenting women in low-income households and in health disparity populations.

Requires the Director to give grant priority to a program serving an area that: (1) is a rural area, an area with a shortage of mental health professionals, or an area with a shortage of family-based substance abuse treatment options; and (2) has high rates of addiction to methamphetamine or other drugs.

Requires the Director to: (1) include in biennial reports to Congress data on the number of pregnant and parenting women in need of, but not receiving, treatment for substance abuse and on recovery and relapse rates of women receiving such treatment; and (2) expand, intensify, and coordinate efforts to provide pregnant and parenting women treatment for addiction to methamphetamine or other drugs.

Reauthorizes appropriations for FY2009-FY2013 for the substance abuse program.

(Sec. 4) Requires the Director of the Office for Substance Abuse Prevention to develop a clearinghouse that provides information and educational materials to employers and employees about drug testing policies and programs.

(Sec. 5) Authorizes amounts made available for methamphetamine or inhalant prevention programs in schools and communities to be used to develop a student-driven methamphetamine awareness project.
Amends federal postal law to make cigarettes, smokeless tobacco, and roll-your-own-tobacco nonmailable.

Requires tobacco products attempted to be mailed to be disposed of as the Postal Service directs.

Provides a civil penalty for each mailing violation.
Congressional Hunger Fellows Act of 1997 - Establishes as an independent entity within the executive branch the Congressional Hunger Fellows Program to award 12-month Bill Emerson Hunger Fellowships (addressing domestic hunger and other humanitarian needs) and Mickey Leland Hunger Fellowships (addressing international hunger and other humanitarian needs) to develop and train individuals for careers in humanitarian service. 
Establishes the Congressional Hunger Fellows Trust Fund for the deposit and receipt of Program funds. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Amends the Federal criminal code to provide that whoever, while serving with, employed by, or accompanying the armed forces outside of the United States, engages in conduct that would constitute an offense punishable by imprisonment for more than one year if such conduct had occurred within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, shall be guilty of a like offense and subject to a like punishment.  Sets forth provisions regarding concurrent jurisdiction, action by foreign governments, and arrests.  Authorizes the delivery to authorities of foreign countries of persons alleged to have engaged in such conduct under specified circumstances. 
Directs the Secretary of the military department having jurisdiction of the armed force of a member, at the time such member is discharged or released, to transmit to the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) a copy of records of any penal actions taken against the member under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. 
Requires:  (1) any person convicted of a crime of a sexual nature under the Code, prior to military discharge, to transmit to such Secretary a sample of blood, saliva, or other specimen collected from that person necessary to conduct DNA analysis; and (2) each sample to be transmitted in a timely manner to the Director for inclusion in the FBI's Combined DNA Identification System.
Native American Education Opportunity Act This bill amends the Education Amendments of 1978 to require the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA), at the request of a federally recognized Indian tribe, to &nbsp;provide funds for tribal education savings account programs to make grants to education savings accounts for students who: (1)&nbsp;attended or will be eligible to attend a BIA-funded school; (2) will not be attending a BIA-funded school, receiving an education savings account from another tribe, or attending public elementary or secondary school while participating in the program; and (3) meet program eligibility requirements. Funds may be used for:   private school tuition and fees;  textbooks, curriculum, and instructional materials;  academic, Native language, or cultural tutoring;  educational services and therapies for students with special needs;  tuition and fees for a private online learning program;  educational technology;  examination fees; or  transportation to and from school.   Three years after this bill's enactment, the Government Accountability Office must review the implementation of the bill, including any factors impacting increased participation in education savings account programs.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to authorize a qualified S corporation to make a one-time corporate conversion under special tax treatment which shall: (1) in the case of a transfer to partnership form result in no shareholder gain or loss recognition on transferred money or property; and (2) treat other money or property transfers as payment for such corporation's stock.Requires the partnership to maintain a five-year continuity of business in order to avoid a conversion recapture tax.
Federal Payday Loan Consumer Protection Amendments of 2006 - Amends the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to prohibit an insured depository institution from: (1) making any payday loan, either directly or indirectly; or (2) making any loan to any other lender for purposes of financing, refinancing, or extending any payday loan.

Amends the Truth in Lending Act to prohibit payday loans based on checks drawn on, or authorized withdrawals from, insured depository institutions.
Trauma Care Systems Planning and Development Act of 2005 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), to promote the collection and categorization of trauma data in a consistent and standardized manner.

Removes authorization for the National Clearinghouse on Trauma Care and Emergency Medical Services. Allows the Secretary to make grants to entities to carry out demonstration projects to improve emergency medical services in rural areas by increasing communication and coordination with State trauma systems. Revises the matching requirements for States to be eligible for grants to improve emergency medical services in rural areas. Prohibits the Secretary from making trauma care grants to a State unless the State's emergency medical services plan coordinates planning for trauma systems with State disaster emergency planning and bioterrorism hospital preparedness planning. Requires the Secretary to update the model plan for the designation of trauma centers and for triage, transfer, and transportation policies. Directs the Secretary to enter into a contract with the Institute of Medicine or another appropriate entity to conduct a study on trauma care and trauma systems research.
Western Reserve Heritage Areas Study Act - Requires the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study regarding the suitability and feasibility of establishing the Western Reserve Heritage Area in the Ohio counties of Trumbull, Mahoning, Ashtabula, Portage, Geague, Lake, Cuyahoga, Summit, Medina, Huron, Lorain, Erie, Ottawa, and Ashland.
Child Protection Improvements Act of 2017 This bill amends the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to direct the Department of Justice to establish a program to provide national criminal history background checks and criminal history reviews for individuals who apply to work or volunteer at organizations that serve children, elderly adults, or individuals with disabilities. 
Computer Equipment and Technology Export Control Reform Act - Amends the Export Administration Act of 1979 to direct the Secretary of Commerce to:  (1) conduct annual reviews of export controls on computer equipment and technology; (2) increase certain export control thresholds if warranted by the review; and (3) report review findings to the Congress and the Computer Systems Technical Advisory Committee. 
Exempts from license requirements for export or reexport to any controlled country digital computers valued at less than $5,000. 
Directs the Secretary to:  (1) identify specified items that will be installed for end-use outside the United States; and (2) publish in the Federal Register the name and specified license requirements for exports to a proliferation end-user (any entity engaged in the design, development, or production of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons or missiles which is located in a country that is not party to an agreement, to which the United States is a party, to limit the spread of such weapons and activities).
Amends the Goals 2000:  Educate America Act to eliminate the National Education Standards and Improvement Council (the Council). 
Terminates funding for the Council. 
Makes technical and conforming amendments to such Act, the National Skill Standards Act of 1994, the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and the General Education Provisions Act.
Elder Abuse Prevention Act - Requires a state that is receiving funds for certain law enforcement assistance programs under the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to have in effect laws and policies that prohibit parole for any individual who is: (1) convicted of a criminal sexual offense against a victim who is an older individual (defined as age 65 or older); or (2) a sexually violent predator (defined as a person who has been convicted of a sexually violent offense and who has been diagnosed by a qualified mental health professional as having a mental abnormality or personality disorder that makes the person likely to engage in predatory sexually violent offenses or who has been determined by a court to suffer from such an illness or disorder). Grants states three years to implement such laws and policies (with one additional two-year extension for states making good faith efforts at implementation). Renders any state that does not implement such laws and policies within the required period ineligible for 10% of funding for its law enforcement assistance programs.

Requires the U.S. Sentencing Commission to promptly review its guidelines for sexual offenses committed against the elderly and to consider new guidelines for enhanced sentencing for such crimes.
Children's Health Insurance Provides Security (CHIPS) Act of 1997 - Amends title XIX (Medicaid) of the Social Security Act to offer an enhanced Federal match to States with Medicaid plans that provide for: (1) coverage of pregnant women, infants, and children under age six with family income between 133 and 150 percent of the poverty line, as well as older children with family income between 100 and 150 percent of the poverty line; and (2) continuous eligibility for a 12-month period for children under any age the State specifies (up to age 19). Gives States the option to:  (1) expand Medicaid eligibility to 150 percent of the poverty line for children over one year of age; and (2) extend coverage to all children under age 19. 
Prohibits any employer which elects to make employer health insurance contributions on behalf of an employee (or dependent) from conditioning, or varying, such contributions with respect to any such individual by reason of his or her eligibility for Medicaid. 
Authorizes appropriations to the Secretary of Health and Human Services for grants to States, localities, and nonprofit entities to promote outreach efforts to enroll eligible children under Medicaid and related programs.
Federal Youth Coordination Act - Establishes a Federal Youth Development Council to improve administration and coordination of Federal programs serving youth.

Authorizes the Council to provide technical assistance and make grants to States to support State councils for coordinating State youth efforts.
Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2003 - Extends Federal highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, and transit programs for six months, and authorizes appropriations, through March 31, 2004.

 Directs the Secretary of Transportation to: (1) apportion funds made available for Federal-aid highway programs under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (TEA-21) to each State according to the ratio of the State's FY 2003 obligation authority to the FY 2003 obligation authority for all States; and (2) ensure that each State is apportioned funds for the Interstate maintenance program, the National Highway System program, the bridge program, the surface transportation program, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program, the recreational trails program, the Appalachian development highway system program, and the minimum guarantee.

Sets forth provisions: (1) for reducing future apportionments, and for recovering funds not apportioned, under a law reauthorizing the Federal-aid highway program that is enacted after enactment of this Act; (2) prohibiting States from obligating any Federal-aid highway program funds after March 31, 2004, until the earlier of the date of enactment of a multi-year law reauthorizing such program or June 30 2004; and (3) directing the Secretary of Transportation, on the earlier of such enactment date or June 1, 2004, to distribute to each State any remaining amounts of obligation authority for Federal-aid highways and highway safety construction programs by allocation as provided in an Act making appropriations for the Department of Transportation for FY 2004

Amends the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and TEA-21, respectively, to set related discretionary spending limits and obligation limitations for FY 2004.
Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to establish a grants program to help States and local educational agencies recruit, train, and hire 100,000 additional teachers over a seven-year period in order to: (1) reduce class sizes nationally, in grades one through three, to an average of 18 students per classroom; and (2) improve teaching in the early grades so that all students can learn to read independently and well by the end of the third grade.
Investing in Innovation for Education Act of 2011 - Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of Education to award competitive grants to local educational agencies (LEAs), educational service agencies, and nonprofit organizations to support the school innovation efforts of public schools and LEAs.

Requires at least 25% of the grant funds to be awarded for projects in rural areas.

Requires each grant applicant to demonstrate that it has partnered with at least one private, nonprofit, or community-based organization that will provide matching funds. Allows the Secretary to waive the matching funds requirement upon a showing of exceptional circumstances.

Requires each grant to be used to address at least one of the following areas of school innovation: (1) improving the effectiveness of teachers and school leaders and promoting their equitable distribution, (2) strengthening the use of data to improve education, (3) providing high-quality instruction that is based on rigorous standards and measuring students' proficiency using high-quality assessments that are aligned to those standards, (4) turning around the lowest-performing schools, and (5) any other area of school innovation the Secretary chooses.

Directs the Secretary to establish performance measures for tracking each grantee's progress in: (1) improving the academic performance of public elementary and secondary school students, and specified subgroups of those students; and (2) implementing its project in rural schools, as applicable. Requires grantees to use grant funds to develop or expand strategies to improve high-need students' showing on those performance measures.
San Francisco Bay Restoration Act - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (commonly known as the Clean Water Act) to authorize the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to provide funding for activities, studies, or projects, including restoration projects and habitat improvement for fish, waterfowl, and wildlife, that are identified in an annual priority list and that advance the goals and objectives of the comprehensive management plan for the San Francisco estuary.  Authorizes funding to be provided through cooperative agreements, grants, or other means to state and local agencies, special districts, public or nonprofit agencies, institutions, and organizations. Prohibits funding from being used for the administration of a management conference for the San Francisco estuary under the National Estuary Program. Requires the Administrator, in developing the priority list, to consult with and consider the recommendations of: (1) the San Francisco Estuary Partnership, (2) the state of California and affected local governments in the San Francisco Bay estuary watershed, and (3) any other relevant stakeholder involved with the protection and restoration of such estuary. Limits funding amounts under this Act to 75% of the total cost of eligible activities to be carried out using those amounts. Authorizes the Administrator to carry out this Act for each of FY2013-FY2017. 
National AMBER Alert Network Act of 2002 - (Sec. 2) Requires the Attorney General to assign an AMBER Alert Coordinator of the Department of Justice to act as the national coordinator of the AMBER Alert communications network regarding abducted children.Requires the Coordinator to: (1) seek to eliminate gaps in the network; (2) work with States to encourage the development of additional network elements and to ensure regional coordination; (3) act as the nationwide point of contact for network development and for regional coordination of alerts on abducted children through the network; (4) notify and consult with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation concerning each child abduction for which an AMBER alert is issued; (5) establish minimum standards for the issuance of alerts and for the extent of their dissemination (limited to the geographic areas most likely to facilitate the recovery of the abducted child); (6) cooperate with the Secretary, the Federal Communications Commission, local broadcasters, and State and local law enforcement agencies; and (7) consult with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and other private sector entities and organizations (including non-profit organizations) having relevant expertise.(Sec. 4) Requires the Secretary of Transportation to provide grants to States for the development or enhancement of notification or communications systems along highways for alerts and other information for the recovery of abducted children. Includes among permissible activities the development or enhancement of electronic message boards, and the placement of additional signage, along highways.(Sec. 5) Directs the Attorney General to provide grants to States for the development or enhancement of education, training, and law enforcement programs and activities for the support of AMBER Alert communications plans.Authorizes appropriations.
Trade Complaint and Litigation Accountability Improvement Measures Act or the Trade CLAIM Act - Amends the federal judicial code to grant the Court of International Trade exclusive jurisdiction of any civil action commenced by a petitioner requesting de novo review of a U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) decision concerning the enforcement of U.S. trade rights.

Amends the Trade Act of 1974 to revise requirements concerning the enforcement of U.S. trade rights with respect to presidential authority and the responsibility of the USTR.

Permits the USTR to take further action to enforce U.S. rights, based on the USTR's monitoring, when a petitioner considers that the actions of a foreign country in implementing a measure have not been satisfactory.
Lumbee Recognition Act This bill amends the Act of June 7, 1956, to extend federal recognition to the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina and make its members eligible for the services and benefits provided to members of federally recognized tribes.  Members of the tribe residing in Robeson, Cumberland, Hoke, and Scotland Counties in North Carolina are deemed to be within the delivery area for such services. The Deparment of Health and Human Services must develop, in consultation with the tribe, a determination of needs to provide the services for which members of the tribe are eligible. The Department of the Interior may take land into trust for the tribe. Gaming is allowed on land taken into trust for the tribe. North Carolina must exercise jurisdiction over all criminal offenses committed, and all civil actions that arise, on North Carolina lands owned by, or held in trust for, the Lumbee Tribe or any dependent Indian community of the tribe unless jurisdiction is transferred to the United States pursuant to an agreement between the tribe and the state.
Directs the Commissioner of Social Security to improve the social security card (card) for purposes of carrying out illegal alien employment provisions under the Immigration and Nationality Act. Provides that cards issued pursuant to this Act shall not be required to be carried upon one's person, and that nothing in this Act shall be construed as authorizing the establishment of a national identification card. 
Directs the Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization to conduct an education campaign aimed at educating employers about card security features and how to detect fraudulently used cards. 
Authorizes appropriations. 
Amends the Federal criminal code to provide for criminal penalties for fraud and related activities concerning work authorization documents.
Kidney Disease Educational Benefits Act of 2005 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of kidney disease education services.
Next Generation Internet Research Act of 1998 - Declares the purposes of this Act to be to:  (1) authorize research programs related to high-end computing and computation, human-centered systems, high confidence systems, and education, training, and human resources; and (2) provide for the development and coordination of a comprehensive and integrated U.S. research program which will focus on a computer network infrastructure that promotes interoperability among advanced Federal computer networks, high-speed data access that is economical and that does not impose a geographic penalty, and flexible and extensible networking technology.  Amends the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 to include among its purposes:  (1) promoting the more rapid development and wider distribution of networking management and development tools; and (2) promoting the rapid adoption of open network standards. 
Directs that the National High-Performance Computing Program provide for:  (1) the development of technologies to advance Internet capacity and capabilities; and (2) high-performance testbed networks to enable the research, development, and demonstration of advanced networking technologies and to develop and demonstrate advanced applications. 
Authorizes the National Science Foundation, the Department of Energy, the National Institutes of Health, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology (the supporting agencies) to support the Next Generation Internet Program (Program).  Includes among Program objectives:  (1) increasing Internet capabilities and improving Internet performance; (2) developing an advanced testbed network connecting research sites; and (3) developing advanced Internet applications that meet national goals and agency mission needs. 
Directs the President's Information Technology Advisory Committee to assess the extent to which:  (1) the Program carries out the purposes of this Act and addresses concerns relating to geographic penalties (costs imposed on Internet users in rural or other locations that are greater than those imposed on users in large population areas or areas closer to network facilities), technology transfer to and from the private sector, and the adequacy of Internet access by historically Black colleges and universities, Hispanic serving institutions, and small colleges and universities; (2) the roles of Federal departments and agencies involved in implementing the Program are clear, complementary, and non-duplicative; and (3) Federal support in fundamental research in computing is sufficient to maintain U.S.  leadership in the field. Requires the Advisory Committee to assess Program implementation and report on its findings and recommendations at least annually to the President and specified congressional committees. 
Authorizes appropriations to the supporting agencies for FY 1999 and 2000 for the Program. 
Directs the Secretary of Commerce to request the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a comprehensive study of specified matters relating to the short and long term effects on trademark rights of adding new generic top-level domains and related dispute resolution procedures, including:  (1) trademark rights clearance processes for domain names; (2) domain name trademark rights dispute resolution; (3) infringement liability for registrars or technical management bodies; and (4) technical and policy options for Internet addressing schemes.  Requires:  (1) an interim and final report from the Council to the Secretary; and (2) the submission of such reports to specified congressional committees.  Authorizes appropriations for the study.
American Shipping Reinvestment Act of 2009 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) repeal shipping investment withdrawal tax rules; and (2) allow U.S. corporate shareholders an election to deduct dividends attributable to foreign base company shipping income received from a controlled foreign corporation.
Amends the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to permit State registration of a Canadian pesticide for distribution and use within such State, subject to certain requirements.Prohibits actions in Federal court against: (1) States acting as registering agencies for damages resulting from the use of a product registered under this Act; or (2) registrants for damages resulting from adulteration or compositional alterations of such a product if the registrant could not reasonably have knowledge of such adulteration or alterations.
Diabetic Foot Complication and Lower Extremity Amputation Reduction Act of 2005 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to eligible multidisciplinary health care programs for: (1) providing a high-risk, underserved population with screening, education, and evidence-based medical treatment regarding diabetic foot complications that may lead to lower extremity amputations; and (2) evaluating the quality, cost effectiveness, parity, and patient satisfaction of medical interventions in the prevention of diabetic foot complications and lower extremity amputations.
Nepal Trade Preferences Act It is the sense of Congress that it should be an objective of the United States to use trade policies and trade agreements to reduce poverty and eliminate hunger. The President may give preferential treatment to certain articles imported directly from Nepal into the U.S. customs territory if that country meets certain requirements under the African Growth and Opportunity Act, including a market-based economy and the rule of law, the protection of human rights and internationally-recognized worker rights, elimination of trade barriers to the United States, and non-engagement in activities that undermine U.S. national security or foreign policy interests or support acts of international terrorism. Nepal must also meet certain eligibility criteria for designation as a beneficiary developing country under the Trade Act of 1974.  Certain leather articles (trunks, suitcases, vanity cases, attache cases, briefcases, school satchels and similar containers) and textile or apparel articles imported directly from Nepal may enter the U.S. customs territory duty-free if:   the article is the growth, product, or manufacture of Nepal; Nepal is the country of origin of the textile or apparel article; the President determines, after receiving advice from the U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC), that the article is not import-sensitive; and   the sum of the cost or value of the materials produced in, and the manufacturing costs performed in, Nepal or the U.S. customs territory is at least 35% of the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered. Limits to 15% of the appraised value of an article at the time it is entered the cost or value of the materials produced in, and the manufacturing costs performed in, the U.S. customs territory and attributed to the 35% requirement.  The U.S. Customs and Border Protection must verify annually that textile and apparel articles imported duty-free into the United States from Nepal are not being unlawfully transshipped into the United States. The President shall establish a trade facilitation and capacity building program to assist Nepal in the export of goods. The extension of preferential treatment to Nepal shall terminate after December 31, 2025.
Comprehensive Torture Victims Relief Act - Expedites refugee and asylum application procedures for torture victims. 
Directs the Centers for Disease Control to study torture victims living in the United States in order to identify their estimated number and distribution and the availability of recovery services. 
Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to authorize appropriations for domestic treatment centers. 
Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to authorize appropriations for:  (1) foreign treatment centers; and (2) assistance to the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Victims of Torture.
Family Life Education Act - Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to States for family life education, including education on abstinence and contraception, to prevent teenage pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases.

Expresses the sense of Congress that States are encouraged but not required to provide matching funds. Requires the Secretary to provide for a national evaluation of a representative sample of such programs for effectiveness in changing adolescent sexual behavior, including delaying sexual and high-risk activity, preventing pregnancy and disease (including HIV/AIDS), and increasing contraceptive knowledge. Requires States receiving such grants to provide for an individual evaluation of the State's program by an external, independent entity.
Recognize, Assist, Include, Support, and Engage Family Caregivers Act of 2015 or the RAISE Family Caregivers Act This bill directs the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to develop, maintain, and periodically update a National Family Caregiving Strategy.  HHS shall convene a Family Caregiving Advisory Council to advise it on recognizing and supporting family caregivers. Federal departments and agencies must share with HHS any data they maintain that HHS needs to prepare the initial and updated Strategies.
Promoting Transparency in Trade Act This bill amends the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 to require the President to publish on a publicly available website the U.S. negotiating position and each new U.S. proposal for a proposed trade agreement at the conclusion of each negotiating round. Trade authorities procedures (fast track) shall not apply to any implementing bill with respect to a trade agreement if during the 60-day period that one House of Congress passes a resolution of disapproval for the President's failure to publish U.S. positions with respect to each trade negotiation round, the other House separately agrees to a resolution of disapproval. The bill amends the Trade Act of 1974 to direct the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) to ensure that the Chief Transparency Officer of the Office of the USTR does not have, or appear to have, any conflict of interest in ensuring the transparency of the activities of the Office, including trade negotiations.
Advance Fee Loan Scam Prevention Act of 1993 - Prohibits the receipt of advance fees by unregulated loan brokers arranging consumer credit for individuals. 
Grants the Federal Trade Commission enforcement powers under this Act.  Establishes criminal penalties and civil forfeiture penalties for violations of this Act.
Raw Sewage Overflow Community Right-to-Know Act - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to direct owners or operators of publicly-owned treatment works to institute an alert system for sanitary sewer overflow.

 Requires that the public and the appropriate officials be notified as soon as practicable within 24 hours of the time the owner or operator becomes aware of the overflow.

Requires a written report on the overflow, including magnitude and cause, as well as measures taken to eliminate and prevent its recurrence.

States that owners or operators must report overflows on their monthly discharge monitoring report to either the State or the Administrator of the Environmental Protection, as appropriate.

Makes these alert systems eligible for assistance and authorizes funding.
Grants a Federal charter to the Ukrainian American Veterans, Incorporated.
Family Tax Relief Act of 2009 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) allow an additional refundable tax credit for expenses for household and dependent care services necessary for gainful employment; and (2) increase the dollar limitation on the tax exclusion for employed-provided dependent care assistance payments.
Wounded Warrior Workforce Enhancement Act - Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs (VA) to award grants to eligible institutions to: (1) establish a master's or doctoral degree program in orthotics and prosthetics, or (2) expand upon an existing master's degree program in such area. Requires a grant priority for institutions in partnership with a medical center administered by the VA or a facility administered by the Department of Defense (DOD). Provides grant amounts of at least $1 million and up to $1.5 million. Defines as eligible institutions those either accredited by the National Commission on Orthotic and Prosthetic Education or demonstrating an ability to meet such accreditation requirements if receiving a grant. Requires the Secretary to award a grant to an institution with orthotic and prosthetic research and education experience to: (1) establish the Center of Excellence in Orthotic and Prosthetic Education; and (2) improve orthotic and prosthetic outcomes for veterans, members of the Armed Forces, and civilians by conducting orthotic and prosthetic-based research.
School Lunch Protection Act of 1993 - Amends the National School Lunch Act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture (Secretary) to provide training and other assistance to State representatives, contracting entities, and school food service authorities to identify and prevent anti-competitive activities in the school lunch, school breakfast, special milk, and summer food service programs. 
Directs the Secretary to bar a company for at least one year (three years for a repeat conviction) from program participation upon conviction of anti-competitive or specified related activities. 
Directs the Secretary to provide financial assistance to States, law enforcement organizations, and school food contracting agents and food service authorities for prevention and control of food program anti-competitive activities.
Foster Care Mentoring Act of 2003 - Amends title IV part B (Child-Welfare Services) of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to States to support the establishment or expansion and operation of programs using networks of public and private community entities to provide mentoring for children in foster care. Authorizes a grant award directly to a political subdivision if the subdivision serves a substantial number of foster care youth.

Prescribes program implementation guidelines, including: (1) application requirements; (2) training; (3) screening; (4) educational requirements; (5) Federal and non-Federal share of funds for the Program; (6) considerations in awarding grants; and (7) use of funds. Sets forth a maximum grant amount to be awarded to a State or political subdivision. Authorizes the Secretary to award a competitive grant to an eligible entity to establish a National Hotline Service or Website to provide information to individuals interested in becoming mentors to youth in foster care. Instructs the Secretary of Education to implement a program to provide for the discharge or cancellation of the Federal student loan indebtedness of an eligible mentor.
Allows, through December 31, 2005, a credit to an individual for nonbusiness energy-efficient building property expenditures.
Veterans Crisis Line Study Act of 2017  (Sec. 2) This bill directs the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to: (1) conduct a study on the outcomes and the efficacy of the toll-free Veterans Crisis Line during the five-year period beginning January 1, 2014, based on an analysis of national suicide data and data collected from the line, and (2) submit such study to Congress by May 31, 2019. Such study shall address: (1) the efficacy of the line in leading veterans to sustained mental health regimens and suicide prevention; (2) the line's visibility; (3) the role of the line as part of the VA's mental health care services; (4) whether receiving sustained mental health care affects suicidality and whether veterans previously receiving VA mental health care use the line in times of crisis; (5) the line's effectiveness in assisting veterans at risk for suicide when it is contacted by a non-veteran; (6) the line's overall efficacy in preventing suicides and whether the number of contacts affects such efficacy; (7) the line's long-term efficacy in preventing repeated suicide attempts and whether such efficacy is temporary; (8) whether referral to mental health care affects the risk of suicide; and (9) the line's efficacy in promoting continued mental health care for those veterans who are at high risk for suicide whose suicide was prevented. 
Price Gouging Act of 2007 - Amends the Federal Trade Commission Act to direct the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), after the President declares a major disaster, to: (1) consult with the Attorney General, the U.S. Attorney for that area, and state and local law enforcement officials to determine whether any supplier is charging unconscionably excessive prices for gasoline or diesel fuel; (2) establish a toll-free hotline for a consumer to report price gouging; and (3) establish a program to develop and distribute public informational materials in English and Spanish to assist consumers in detecting and avoiding price gouging.

Makes it unlawful to charge unconscionably excessive prices for any gasoline or diesel fuel during the 180-day period after the President declares a major disaster.

Requires the FTC, if it determines a supplier is in violation, to take any action it determines appropriate to remedy the violation. Authorizes civil penalties. Requires imprisonment for knowing violations.

Authorizes victims and any state attorney general to bring a civil action against violators of this Act.
National Small Business Regulatory Assistance Act of 2007 - Amends the Small Business Act to direct the Administrator of the Small Business Administration (SBA) to establish a program to provide regulatory compliance assistance to small businesses through participating Small Business Development Centers (Centers), the Association for Small Business Development Centers (Association), and federal compliance partnership programs. Requires the Administrator to enter into arrangements with participating Centers to provide: (1) access to regulatory information and resources; (2) training and education activities; (3) confidential counseling to owners and operators of small businesses regarding compliance with federal and state regulations; and (4) technical assistance. Directs the Administrator to contract with the Association to act as the repository of and clearinghouse for data and information submitted by Centers. Requires the Administrator, giving substantial weight to the Association's recommendations, to select the Centers programs of two states from each of ten groups of states for participation in the program. Authorizes the Administrator to make additional selections after three years, with a preference for programs that have a plan for consulting with federal and state agencies to ensure that assistance provided under this act is not duplicated by any other federal or state program. Sets forth the formula for determining program grant amounts. Provides a minimum grant amount of $250,000.
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act or the Clay Hunt SAV Act - Requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs (VA) and the Secretary of Defense (DOD) to each arrange for an independent third party evaluation of, respectively, the VA and DOD mental health care and suicide prevention programs. Directs the VA Secretary to publish an Internet website that serves as a centralized source to provide veterans with regularly updated information regarding all of the VA's mental health care services. Requires the VA Secretary and the DOD Secretary to enter into certain strategic relationships to facilitate:   the mental health referrals of members of the reserve components who have a service-connected disability and are being discharged or released from the Armed Forces,   timely behavioral health services for such members,   communication when such members are at risk for behavioral health reasons, and   the transfer of documentation for line-of-duty and fitness-for-duty determinations.  Requires the VA Secretary to carry out a three-year pilot program to repay the education loans relating to psychiatric medicine that are incurred by individuals who:  are eligible to practice psychiatric medicine in the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) or are enrolled in the final year of a residency program leading to a specialty qualification in psychiatric medicine,  demonstrate a commitment to a long-term career as a psychiatrist in the VHA, and agree to a period of obligated service with the VHA in the field of psychiatric medicine in exchange for the repayment of such loans.  Requires the DOD Secretary to submit to Congress a review of the staffing requirements for individual State National Guard Commands with respect to Directors of Psychological Health. Authorizes the VA Secretary to collaborate with nonprofit mental health organizations to prevent suicide among veterans. Requires the collaborators to exchange training sessions, best practices, and other resources to enhance their suicide prevention efforts. Directs the Secretary to select a Director of Suicide Prevention Coordination within the VA to undertake any collaboration with nonprofit mental health organizations.  
Pilot's Bill of Rights - Requires National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) proceedings for the review of decisions of the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to deny, amend, modify, suspend, or revoke an airman's certificate to be conducted, to the extent practicable, in accordance with the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and Federal Rules of Evidence.

Requires the Administrator to: (1) provide timely, written notification to the subject of an investigation involving the approval, denial, suspension, modification, or revocation of an airman certificate of specified information pertinent to the investigation; and (2) provide him or her with access to relevant air traffic data. Authorizes the Administrator to delay such notification if it threatens the integrity of the investigation.

Allows a substantially affected individual to elect to file an appeal of a certificate denial, a punitive civil action, or an emergency order of revocation in the U.S. district court in which individual resides, in which the action in question occurred, or the district court for the District of Columbia. Allows a substantially affected individual who elects not to file an appeal in a U.S. district court to file such appeal in the appropriate U.S. court of appeals.

Directs the Administrator to begin a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) Improvement Program to improve the system of providing airmen with pertinent and timely information before a flight in the national airspace system. Requires the Administrator to establish a NOTAM Improvement Panel composed of representatives of relevant nonprofit and not-for-profit general aviation pilot groups to advise the Administrator in carrying out program goals.

 Requires the Comptroller General to: (1) assess the FAA process for the medical certification of airmen; and (2) report to Congress on revisions to the medical application form, the alignment of medical qualification policies with present-day qualified medical judgment and practices, and steps that could be taken to promote the public's understanding of the medical requirements determining an airman's medical certificate eligibility.
Eightmile Wild and Scenic River Act - Amends the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate specified segments in the Eightmile River in Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System.

Requires the Secretary of the Interior to: (1) manage Eightmile River in accordance with the Eightmile Watershed Management Plan, dated December 8, 2005, and such amendments to the Plan as the Secretary determines to be consistent with this Act; and (2) coordinate the management responsibilities of the Secretary relating to the River with the Eightmile River Coordinating Committee, as described in such Plan.

Bars the Eightmile River from: (1) being administered as part of the National Park System; nor (2) being subject to laws and regulations that govern such System.

Recognizes specified tributaries of the Eightmile River Watershed as integral to the protection and enhancement of the River and that watershed.
Expanding Capacity for Health Outcomes Act or the ECHO Act This bill requires the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), in collaboration with the Health Resources and Services Administration, to study technology-enabled collaborative learning and capacity building models and the ability of those models to improve patient care and provider education. (Such models connect specialists to primary care providers through videoconferencing to facilitate case-based learning, dissemination of best practices, and evaluation of outcomes.) The Government Accountability Office must report on such models and HHS support for such models.
Foreign Manufacturers Legal Accountability Act of 2010 - (Sec. 3) Directs the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) (with respect to drugs, devices, cosmetics, and biological products), the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) (with respect to consumer products), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) (with respect to chemical substances, new chemical substances, and pesticides), and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) (with respect to a motor vehicle or motor vehicle products) to require foreign manufacturers and producers of such products (or components used to manufacture them), in excess of a minimum value, quantity, and frequency of importation, to register an agent in the United States who is authorized to accept service of process on their behalf for the purpose of any state or federal regulatory proceeding or civil action in state or federal court.

Exempts from this Act's requirements a foreign manufacturer or producer that distributes a covered product through its U.S. parent company or U.S. subsidiary, provided certain conditions are met.

Requires the registered agent to be: (1) located in a state with a substantial connection to the importation, distribution, or sale of the products; as well as (2) an individual, domestic firm, or domestic corporation that is a U.S. permanent resident.

Directs the Secretary of Commerce to establish, maintain, and make available to the public and to the Commissioner for U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP): (1) a registry of such agents; and (2) information on U.S. manufacturers or producers that have submitted certifications of responsibility and liability for their foreign manufacturers or producers or who have had their certifications removed for cause.

Deems a foreign manufacturer or producer of products covered under this Act that registers an agent to consent to the personal jurisdiction of the state or federal courts of the state in which the agent is located for the purpose of any judicial proceeding.

(Sec. 4) Prohibits importation into the United States of a covered product (or component part that will be used in the United States to manufacture a covered product) if the product (or component part) or any part of the product (or component part) was manufactured or produced outside the United States by a manufacturer or producer who does not have a registered agent whose authority is in effect on the date of the importation.

(Sec. 5) Requires foreign manufacturers or producers of a covered product to report within five business days to the head of the applicable agency their determination to conduct a safety recall or other safety campaign of a covered product that is identical or substantially similar to a covered product offered for sale in the United States.

(Sec. 6) Requires the Secretary of Agriculture and the Commissioner of Food and Drugs jointly to study the feasibility and advisability of requiring foreign producers of food distributed in commerce to register an agent in the United States who is authorized to accept service of process on behalf of such producers for the purpose of any state or federal regulatory proceeding or civil action in state or federal court.

(Sec. 7) Requires the head of an applicable agency similarly to study the feasibility of methods requiring foreign manufacturers or producers of component parts of covered products distributed in U.S. commerce to register agents in the United States for purposes of such service of process.

(Sec. 8) Requires the Comptroller General to study methods to enforce judgments of any state or federal regulatory proceeding or civil action in state or federal court against Chinese manufacturers that exported defective drywall to the United States during 2004-2007.
Quality Health-Care Coalition Act of 2003 - Exempts from Federal antitrust laws any health care professionals negotiating with a health plan regarding contract terms under which they provide health care items or services for which plan benefits are provided.Declares that this Act applies only to health care professionals excluded from the National Labor Relations Act.
Public Campaign Financing Act of 2003 - Amends the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (FECA) to outline under a new title: (1) qualifications for public financing; (2) a prohibition against acceptance by qualifying House candidates of any contributions other than contributions from individuals that total not more than $100 per individual per election cycle, with an 80 percent in-State contribution requirement; (3) rules restricting public funding to specified purposes, such as buying broadcast time; (4) limitations on the maximum amount of public funding, which is set at $750,000 for qualifying House candidates; and (5) various specified requirements pertaining to television debates and radio and television advertising.Authorizes the Federal Election Commission, in lieu of any report required to be filed by this Act, to allow a State committee of a political party to file with it a report required to be filed under State law if it determines such reports contain substantially the same information.Prescribes reporting requirements about: (1) the election activity of persons other than political parties; and (2) contributions through intermediaries and conduits.
Acadia National Park Boundary Clarification Act This bill confirms that the boundary of Acadia National Park in Maine includes approximately 1,441 acres of land and interests in the Schoodic Peninsula.  The bill ratifies and approves:   the acquisition by the United States of such land and interests, effective as of September 26, 2013, and any alteration of such land or interests held or claimed by the United States that occurred after such date.   The Department of the Interior may only acquire land or interests in land within or outside of the boundaries of the park in Hancock or Knox Counties, Maine, in accordance with the statute that established the park's boundaries, except that Interior may conduct exchanges for lands and interests in accordance with the provisions relating to conveyances of certain property and interests in property acquired by Interior that are within units of the National Park System or related areas.  Interior shall contribute a specified amount to a regional consortium composed of units of local government on or in the vicinity of Mount Desert Island that was established to improve the management of the disposal and recycling of solid waste.   Interior shall reestablish and appoint members to the Acadia National Park Advisory Commission.   Certain land in the park that was conveyed by Interior to the town of Tremont, Maine, shall no longer be used exclusively for school purposes, but for public purposes, subject to the conditions that: (1) use of such land shall not degrade or adversely impact the park's resources or values; and (2) such land shall remain in public ownership for recreational, educational, or similar public purposes.   Interior shall permit the harvesting of the marine organisms within the park according to the laws of the state of Maine and its local governments in order to allow for the continuation of traditional harvesting and aquaculture of clams, worms, mussels, periwinkles, and other marine organisms within intertidal areas in the park.  Interior shall convey to the town of Bar Harbor a specified .29-acre parcel of land within the park to be used for a solid waste transfer facility. 
Identity Theft Consumer Notification Act - Amends the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to include among mandatory consumer disclosures by a financial institution a statement informing the consumer of the institution's obligation to: (1) disclose that nonpublic personal information has been compromised; (2) provide assistance to remedy the compromise; and (3) reimburse any losses incurred as a result of such compromise.Permits waiver of such disclosure for a limited time at request of a law enforcement agency investigating such violation.Provides penalties for financial institution failure to notify and assist customers after an identity theft.Amends the Fair Credit Reporting Act to grant the Federal district courts jurisdiction in an action for identity theft. Tolls the two-year statute of limitations during any period during which a defendant has materially and willfully misrepresented any information to the plaintiff that is material to establishment of the defendant's liability.
Apollo 11 50th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act This bill directs the Department of the Treasury to mint and issue gold, silver, half-dollar clad, and proof silver coins in recognition and celebration of the 50th anniversary of the first manned landing on the moon.  Treasury may issue coins minted under this bill for only a one-year period, beginning January 1, 2019. All sales of these coins shall include a surcharge of $35 per gold coin, $10 per silver coin, $5 per half-dollar clad coin, and $50 per proof silver coin.  All of the surcharges received from the sale of such coins shall be paid as follows:   one-half to the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum's &quot;Destination Moon&quot; exhibit; one-quarter to the Astronauts Memorial Foundation; and  one-quarter to the Astronaut Scholarship Foundation, to aid its missions by providing college scholarships for the very best and brightest students pursuing degrees in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics.  
Boutique Fuels Reduction Act of 2004 - Amends the Clean Air Act (CAA) to authorize the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to temporarily waive controls or prohibitions on the use of a fuel or fuel additive regulated under specified provisions of that Act or prescribed in an applicable State Implementation Plan (SIP) if the Administrator determines that: (1) extreme and unusual circumstances exist in a State or region that prevent distribution of an adequate supply of the fuel or fuel additive to consumers; (2) such circumstances are the result of a natural disaster, an Act of God, a pipeline or refinery equipment failure, or another unforeseeable event; and (3) it is in the public interest to grant the waiver.

Permits such a waiver only if it: (1) applies to the smallest necessary geographic area; (2) is effective for 20 days or the shortest practicable time period; (3) permits a transitional period after the termination of the temporary waiver to allow wholesalers and retailers to blend down their inventory; (4) applies to all persons in the motor fuel distribution system; and (5) is preceded by public notice to all parties in the distribution system, local and State regulators, public interest groups, and consumers in the State or region covered by the waiver.

States that the Administrator shall have no authority, when considering a SIP or SIP revision regarding State controls or prohibitions on motor vehicle fuel or fuel additives, to approve any fuel: (1) if doing so would increase the total number of approved and fully implemented fuels as of September 1, 2004, in all SIPs; and (2) unless that fuel was approved and fully implemented in at least one SIP in the applicable Petroleum Administration for Defense District (with the exception of fuels with a specified summertime Reid Vapor Pressure).

Requires the Administrator and the Secretary of Energy jointly to study and report to Congress on the effects on air quality, number of fuel blends, fuel availability, fuel fungibility, and fuel costs of SIPs adopted pursuant to CAA provisions regarding State controls or prohibitions on motor vehicle fuel or fuel additives.
.  American Fighter Aces Congressional Gold Medal Act - Directs the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate to arrange for the presentation of a congressional gold medal to the American Fighter Aces, collectively, in recognition of their heroic military service and defense of the nation's freedom. Requires the medal to be given to the Smithsonian Institution, where it shall be available for display or temporary loan to be displayed elsewhere, particularly at locations associated with the American Fighter Aces. 
Certainty for States and Tribes Act (Sec. 2)This bill directs the Department of the Interior to reestablish the Royalty Policy Committee, which must include members representing states and Indian tribes who produce minerals on federal or tribal land. In addition, Interior must establish a State and Tribal Resources Board, a subcommittee of the Royalty Policy Committee.  (Sec. 3)The board and committee must advise Interior as it formulates policies and regulations regarding mineral production on federal and tribal lands. Interior must delay issuing a final regulation for 180 days if the board determines that such regulation will have a negative state or tribal budgetary or economic impact. (Sec. 4)The Bureau of Land Management (BLM) must complete by January 15, 2019, its programmatic review of the federal coal leasing program as described in Secretarial Order 3338, dated January 15, 2016. Secretarial Order 3338 directed the BLM to prepare a discretionary review of the federal coal program.  The moratorium on the issuance of new federal coal leasesby the BLMshall terminate on January 16, 2019.Additionally, the bill allows leases and modifications to be issued by the BLM for any coalleasing application currently under review. Secretarial Order 3338 prohibited approval of such leases and modifications. (Sec. 6)The bill also directs the BLM toconduct federal coal lease sales and modifications within one year after it completes an environmental analysis of anapplication.
Healthy Foods for Healthy Living Act - Authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to make grants to community-based organizations and local redevelopment agencies operating in low-income communities to: (1) assist in purchasing appropriate equipment or in hiring and training personnel to expand the inventory of fresh fruits and vegetables or other healthy food alternatives available for residents of a low-income community; and (2) carry out related consumer education and outreach activities.

Amends title XVIII (Medicare) and title XIX (Medicaid) of the Social Security Act to cover additional primary and preventive services relating to obesity treatment and prevention, supervised exercise sessions, stress testing, lifestyle modification education, and nutrition education.
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  Violent Crimes 
     Title II:  Fraud 
Senior Citizen Protection Act of 1993 - 
Title I:  Violent Crimes
 - Amends the Federal criminal code to require a mandatory  sentence upon conviction of a felony against an individual age 65 or over (elderly victim).  Bars the court from suspending such sentence or giving the defendant probation.  Requires that such a sentence be served consecutively and that the court reject specified plea agreements. 
Authorizes the death penalty in any case in which Federal law punishes conduct that is first-degree murder. 
Title II:  Fraud
 - Directs the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to participate in, and be on the receiving list of law enforcement products of, the Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Center. 
Revises provisions of the Federal Trade Commission Act to authorize:  (1) service of process wherever a party may be found in certain cases of fraud; and (2) the FTC to bring a criminal contempt action for violations of orders in such cases. 
Requires:  (1) the U.S. Sentencing Commission to amend its sentencing guidelines to provide for increased offense levels based on the number of victims in cases of fraud and deceit and based on victims being elderly; and (2) (current law authorizes) the court to order restitution to victims of specified violations of the Federal Aviation Act of 1958. 
Expresses the sense of the Congress that:  (1) all U.S.  Attorneys should regularly enter information on telemarketing fraud into the database of the National Telemarketing Fraud Working Group; and (2) such Group and the States should continue to cooperate in coordinating the prosecution of offenders in venues that are convenient to the victims. 
Subjects to civil forfeiture any property traceable to the proceeds of violations of specified anti-fraud provisions which relate to crimes against elderly victims.  Requires the court to order violators to forfeit property constituting or derived from proceeds obtained as the result of such a violation.  Permits up to 25 percent of the amounts so forfeited to be used to provide restitution to victims. 
Directs:  (1) the Attorney General to prepare model State laws on licensing of home repair contractors, mortgage companies, and prize giveaway companies and to designate 50 positions for attorneys and support staff for the prosecution of consumer fraud and for law enforcement and consumer fraud education programs; and (2) the Social Security Administration to conduct a study of Medicaid and social security fraud. 
Extends mail fraud provisions to cover private courier services.
State Child Well-Being Research Act of 2009 - Amends part A (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families) (TANF) of title IV of the Social Security Act to rename the National Survey of Children's Health conducted by the Director of the Maternal and Child Health Bureau of the Health Resources and Services Administration as the Survey of Children's Health and Well-Being.

Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to: (1) modify the survey so that it may be used to better assess child well-being; and (2) establish an advisory panel to make recommendations regarding the additional matters to be addressed by the survey as well as the methods, dissemination strategies, and statistical tools necessary to conduct it as a whole.

Directs the Comptroller General to study and report to Congress on the adequacy of the methods of collecting and reporting data on deaths of children in the child welfare system.
Identity Theft and Assumption Deterrence Act of 1998 - Amends the Federal criminal code to make it unlawful for anyone to knowingly transfer or use, without lawful authority, a means of identification of another person with the intent to commit, or to aid or abet, any unlawful activity that constitutes a violation of Federal law, or that constitutes a felony under any applicable State or local law. 
Prescribes criminal penalties for offenses involving fraud and related activity in connection with identification documents (identity fraud) committed in connection with a crime of violence or committed after a prior conviction of such an offense.  Subjects to the same penalties any person who attempts or conspires to commit such an offense. 
Provides for the forfeiture to the United States of personal property used or intended to be used to commit identity fraud. 
(Sec. 4) Directs the United States Sentencing Commission to review and amend the Federal sentencing guidelines and policy statements of the Commission to provide an appropriate penalty for such offenses, taking into account specified factors. 
(Sec. 5) Directs the Federal Trade Commission to establish procedures to:  (1) log and acknowledge the receipt of complaints by individuals having reason to believe that one or more of their means of identification have been assumed, stolen, or otherwise unlawfully acquired; (2) provide informational materials to such individuals; and (3) refer such complaints to the appropriate entities, including national consumer reporting agencies and law enforcement agencies. Authorizes appropriations. 
(Sec. 7) Amends the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to specify that the Act does not require the immediate and unconditional availability of reports filed by an individual if a finding is made by the Judicial Conference that revealing personal and sensitive information could endanger that individual.  Allows a report to be redacted under this provision only to the extent necessary to protect such individual and only for as long as the danger to such individual exists. 
Directs:  (1) the Administrative Office of the United States Courts to submit to the House and Senate Judiciary Committees an annual report regarding the operation of this section; and (2) the Judicial Conference to issue regulations setting forth the circumstances under which redaction is appropriate and the procedures for redaction. 
Terminates such requirements on December 31, 2001.
Fixing America's Inequities with Revenues Act of 2013 or FAIR Act of 2013 - Amends the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (OCSLA) to direct the Secretary of the Interior to deposit into a special account in the Treasury 37.5% of all revenues payable to the United States from oil, natural gas, and alternative and renewable energy on the outer Continental Shelf (OCS).  Instructs the Secretary to disburse such revenues (with certain exceptions) according to this formula: (1) 27.5% of such revenues to coastal states and coastal political subdivisions, and (2) 10% of the revenues to coastal states that establish funds in their treasuries to support projects relating to alternative or renewable energy, energy research and development, energy efficiency, or conservation.  Prescribes requirements for allocating such revenues to coastal states and their coastal subdivisions, with a special rule for Alaska. Limits the allocable share of each coastal state to the revenues collected from a leased tract located no more than 200 nautical miles from the coastline of the state and within the state's OCS region. Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to disburse 50% of all revenues derived from all rentals, operating fees, royalties, bonus bids, rights-of-way, and other amounts payable to the United States from the development of alternative or renewable onshore energy sources to the state within whose boundaries the energy source is located. Amends the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 to: (1) redefine qualified OCS revenues, (2) prescribe requirements for the disposition of qualified OCS revenues into a special account in the Treasury, and (3) revise the formula for allocating federal funds among the Gulf producing states. 
Colorado River Indian Reservation Boundary Correction Act - Declares that the boundaries of the Colorado River Indian Reservation are the boundaries delineated by the Robbins Survey of 1875 and affirmed by the Harrington Resurvey of 1912 (which include 16,000 acres known as the La Paz lands).

Restores to the Reservation all right, title, and interest of the United States to those lands within such boundaries that were excluded from the Reservation pursuant to Executive Order No. 2273 (November 22, 1915), which shall be held in trust by the United States on behalf of the Colorado River Indian Tribes. (Excludes from such restored lands specified Arizona State Lands.) 
 
 Declares that land taken into trust under this Act shall neither be considered to have been taken into trust for gaming nor be used for gaming.
Enforce Existing Gun Laws Act  This bill amends several appropriations laws to remove limitations on the authority of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives to conduct activities related to the administration of federal firearms laws.  The amended appropriations laws include:    the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012;  the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2013;  the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2010;  the Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009;   the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2008;  the Science, State, Justice, Commerce, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006;  the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005; and the Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, 2003.   The bill removes provisions from these laws that:   prohibit the consolidation or centralization within the Department of Justice of firearms acquisition and disposition records maintained by federal firearms licensees;  prohibit the imposition of a requirement that firearms dealers conduct a physical inventory;  require instant background check records to be destroyed within 24 hours;  limit the use of firearms tracing data;  limit the processing of Freedom of Information Act requests in connection with arson or explosive incidents or firearm traces;  limit denials of applications to import &quot;curios or relics&quot; firearms, parts, or ammunition; and  prohibit denials of federal firearms licenses due to lack of business activity.  
Protect Family Values at the Border Act   The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) shall: (1) consider safety and family concerns in any action related to the repatriation or prosecution of individuals apprehended for immigration violations, and (2) provide related training for U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and cooperating entity personnel.   DHS, with certain exceptions, shall certify every 180 days that it has deported or otherwise removed an apprehended individual from the United States through an entry or exit point on the southern border only during daylight hours.   DHS shall promulgate regulations establishing short-term custody standards providing for basic minimums of care at all CBP facilities holding individuals in CBP custody.
Medication Therapy Management Benefits Act of 2011 - Amends part D (Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to require that the annual comprehensive medication review include creation of a personal medication record and a recommended medication action plan in consultation with the individual and the prescriber.

Requires medication therapy management (MTM) services to include targeted medication reviews furnished person-to-person by a licensed pharmacist offered at least once every quarter to: (1) assess medication use since the last annual comprehensive medication review, (2) monitor unresolved issues, or (3) identify problems with new drug therapies or if the individual has experienced a transition in care.

Increases the number of diseases and conditions for which beneficiaries may be targeted for medication therapy management (MTM) services.

Requires a prescription drug plan (PDP) sponsor to identify a process, subject to approval by the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS), that allows licensed pharmacists or other qualified providers to identify potential enrollees for MTM interventions where such individuals are not targeted beneficiaries or are not otherwise offered MTM services.

Requires any MTM program to offer both comprehensive and targeted medication reviews to individuals dually eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid (under SSA title XIX), regardless of whether they are MTM-targeted beneficiaries.

Requires a PDP sponsor to offer any willing pharmacy in its network the ability to provide MTM services.

Requires the PDP sponsor to reimburse pharmacists and other entities furnishing MTM services based on the resources used and the time required to provide such services.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) establish measures and standards for data collection by PDP sponsors to evaluate performance of pharmacies and other entities in furnishing MTM services; and (2) support the continued development and refinement of performance measures.

Provides pharmacies and other entities that furnish MTM services with additional incentive payments based on their performance in meeting quality measures established under this Act.
Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act This bill amends the federal criminal code to require any health care practitioner who is present when a child is born alive following an abortion or attempted abortion to: (1) exercise the same degree of care as reasonably provided to any other child born alive at the same gestational age, and (2) ensure that such child is immediately admitted to a hospital. The term &quot;born alive&quot; means the complete expulsion or extraction from his or her mother, at any stage of development, who after such expulsion or extraction breathes or has a beating heart, pulsation of the umbilical cord, or definite movement of voluntary muscles, regardless of whether the umbilical cord has been cut. Also, a health care practitioner or other employee who has knowledge of a failure to comply with these requirements must immediately report such failure to an appropriate law enforcement agency.  An individual who violates the provisions of this Act is subject to a criminal fine, up to five years in prison, or both.  An individual who commits an overt act that kills a child born alive is subject to criminal prosecution for murder. The legislation bars the criminal prosecution of a mother of a child born alive for conspiracy to violate the provisions of this Act, for being an accessory after the fact, or for concealment of felony.  A woman who undergoes an abortion or attempted abortion may file a civil action for damages against an individual who violates this Act.  
Access to Medical Treatment Act - Permits any individual to be treated by a health care practitioner with any medical treatment that the individual desires, or that is authorized by the legal representative of the individual, if:  1) the practitioner agrees to treat the individual; and 2) the administration of such treatment does not violate licensing laws. 
Authorizes health care practitioners to provide any method of treatment to such an individual:  1) if there is no evidence that the treatment is a danger to the individual; and 2) if the treatment has not been approved, the individual has been informed that the treatment has not been approved and the food, drug, or device contains a warning to that effect. 
Requires a practitioner, after administering such treatment and discovering it to be a danger to an individual, to submit a report to the Secretary of Health and Human Services.  Requires the Secretary to properly disseminate information with respect to the danger of the medical treatment. 
Requires a practitioner to immediately report to the Office of Alternative Medicine the positive effects of an unconventional medical treatment for a life-threatening medical condition including:  1) the nature of such treatment; 2) the results of such treatment; and 3) the protocol of such treatment.
Withdraws specified land located in Coconino and Gila Counties, Arizona (covered land), from all forms of: (1) entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; (2) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and (3) disposition under all laws pertaining to mineral and geothermal leasing or mineral materials.

 Grants the Secretary of the Interior exclusive jurisdiction with respect to covered land to manage each reclamation project carried out on such land in accordance with the Arizona Water Settlements Act. Requires that Secretary and the Salt River Project Agricultural Improvement and Power District to ensure the compliance of each activity carried out at the C.C. Craigin Dam and Reservoir with applicable federal law.

Authorizes that Secretary to contract with the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, to carry out specified management activities on covered land that does not conflict with, or adversely affect, the operation, maintenance, or repair of the Dam, including the management of recreation, wildland fire activities, public conduct and law enforcement, and cultural and other resources.

Directs the Secretary of Agriculture, to carry out the operation, maintenance, and repair of the Dam, to authorize employees of the Department of the Interior and the District to use certain roads under Forest Service jurisdiction. Prohibits requiring any such individual from applying for or possessing a permit, license, or other similar document as a condition for authorization to use any such road. Requires the Department and the District to comply with applicable federal law.
Retired Pay Restoration Act - Allows the receipt of both military retired pay and veterans' disability compensation with respect to any service-connected disability (under current law, only a disability rated at 50% or more). Provides a phase-in for the concurrent receipt of retired pay with respect to retirees with service-connected disabilities rated at 40% or less.

Makes eligible for the full concurrent receipt of both veterans' disability compensation and either military retired pay or combat-related special pay those individuals who were retired or separated from military service due to a service-connected disability.
Job Creation and Innovation Investment Act of 2011 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code, with respect to the tax deduction for dividends received from a controlled foreign corporation, to: (1) eliminate limitations on the amount of such deduction, and (2) allow a 100% deduction for companies that reinvest such dividends in a qualified domestic reinvestment plan. Defines "qualified domestic reinvestment plan" as an approved plan for the reinvestment within three years after payment of such dividends in the United States for research and development expenses, expansion of facilities, proof of content centers, early stage venture capital investment, or manufacturing startup costs.
Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthorization Act of 2016 This bill permanently reauthorizes the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007 (Emmett Till Act) and expands the responsibilities of the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to include the investigation and prosecution of criminal civil rights statutes violations that resulted in a death, regardless of when the violations occurred. (Currently, the Emmett Till Act is scheduled to expire at the end of FY2017 and such investigations are limited to violations that occurred before 1970.) The bill expresses the sense of Congress that all authorities with jurisdiction should: (1) coordinate information sharing; (2) hold accountable individuals who were perpetrators of, or accomplices in, unsolved civil rights murders; and (3) comply with Freedom of Information Act requests. In investigating a complaint, DOJ may coordinate activities with entities that DOJ determines to be appropriate.  DOJ shall reopen and review cases closed without an in-person investigation conducted by DOJ or the FBI. DOJ must establish a task force to conduct a thorough investigation of Emmett Till Act cases. In an annual report to Congress, DOJ must indicate: (1) the number of cases referred by a civil rights organization, an institution of higher education, or a state or local law enforcement agency; (2) the number of such cases that resulted in federal charges; (3) the date any such charges were filed; (4) whether DOJ has declined to prosecute or participate in an investigation of a referred case; and (5) any activity on reopened cases. DOJ may award grants to civil rights organizations, institutions of higher education, and other eligible entities for expenses associated with investigating offenses under the Emmett Till Act.
Social Security Account Number Anti-Fraud Act - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to: (1) establish, according to prescribed guidelines, an electronic program for American employers to verify the social security number and other relevant employment information to reduce the use of fraudulent social security documents for employment purposes; (2) implement such program according to a prescribed schedule, making it available to all employers in the States of California, Florida, Illinois, New Jersey, New York, and Texas; and (3) report to the Congress on the Program's initial implementation.
Missing Mercury in Manufacturing Monitoring and Mitigation Act - Declares that the United States should develop policies and programs that will reduce: (1) mercury use and emissions; (2) mercury releases from the reservoir of mercury currently in use or circulation; and (3) exposures to mercury, particularly exposures of women of childbearing age and young children.

Amends the Toxic Substances Control Act to prohibit the manufacture of chlorine or caustic soda using mercury cells, effective January 1, 2012. Requires the owner or operator of each chlor-alkali facility to submit to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator and the state in which the facility is located an annual report for 2007-2012 concerning mercury waste, emissions, and content in products.

Requires: (1) EPA to conduct a comprehensive mercury inventory covering the life and closure of chlor-alkali facilities that cease operations on or after July 1, 2008; (2) EPA to establish regulations to facilitate the transfer and storage of mercury located at closed facilities, including the allocation of costs and potential liabilities; and (3) beginning on July 1, 2008, the transfer of elemental mercury located at a closed facility that has ceased operations to a storage facility established by EPA in accordance with such regulations.

Requires EPA, in coordination with the Adminstrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry Administrator, by July 1, 2009, to conduct a health assessment of employees at chlor-alkali facilities that continue to operate as of July 1, 2008.
.  Tribal Veterans Health Care Enhancement Act (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to allow the Indian Health Service (IHS) to pay copayments owed to the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) by Indian veterans for services authorized under the Purchased/Referred Care program. The IHS and the VA, in consultation with impacted Indian tribes, must enter into a memorandum of understanding that authorizes the IHS to pay such copayments unless it would decrease the quality of, or access to, health care for individuals receiving care from the IHS or the VA. The IHS and the VA must report on veterans who are IHS beneficiaries and have received care from the VA.
American Natural Gas Security and Consumer Protection Act - Amends the Natural Gas Act to prohibit any person from exporting any natural gas from the United States to a foreign country without first having secured an order of the Secretary of Energy (DOE) authorizing such person to do so. Allows the Secretary to issue an order authorizing such exportation, upon application, if the Secretary determines that the proposed exportation will be consistent with the public interest. Requires the Secretary to issue an environmental impact statement (EIS) under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 on such an order, including by analyzing the impacts of extraction of exported natural gas on the environment in communities where the natural gas is extracted. Directs the Secretary to issue final regulations for determining whether an export of natural gas from the United States to a foreign country is in the public interest. Exempts any export authorization order from such EIS and public interest requirements if the natural gas would be exported solely to meet certain requirements of: (1) the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (regarding presidential foreign exchange transaction authorities), (2) the Trading with the Enemy Act (regarding such transaction authorities in wartime), or (3) the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (regarding the International Energy Program).  Authorizes the Secretary to issue such an order upon application in such cases without modification or delay.
Energy Efficiency Investment Act of 2001 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a limited credit for qualified energy property (certain building envelope components or heating or cooling equipment) placed in service or installed in a U.S.-sited principal residence.
Federal Financial Assistance Management Improvement Act of 1998 - Directs each Federal agency to develop and implement a plan that, among other things, streamlines and simplifies the application, administrative, and reporting procedures for Federal financial assistance programs administered by the agency.   Requires each agency to publish the plan in the Federal Register, receive public comment, and hold public forums on the plan.  Requires the designated lead agency official to consult with the representatives of non-Federal entities during plan development and implementation. 
Requires each Federal agency to submit the plan developed to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the Congress and report annually thereafter on plan implementation and agency performance in meeting goals and objectives. 
Requires the Director to direct, coordinate and assist Federal agencies in establishing:  (1) a common application and reporting system; and (2) an interagency process for addressing ways to streamline and simplify Federal financial assistance administrative procedures and reporting requirements for non-Federal entities. 
Permits the Director to designate a lead agency to assist him or her and use interagency working groups to assist in carrying out such responsibilities. 
Exempts any Federal agency or Federal financial assistance program from the requirements of this Act if the Director determines that the agency does not have a significant number of Federal financial assistance programs.  Requires the Director to maintain a list of exempted agencies available to the public through OMB's Internet site. 
Requires the Director or lead agency to contract with the National Academy of Public Administration to evaluate the effectiveness of this Act.  Requires the evaluation to be:  (1) submitted to the lead agency, the Director, and the Congress; and (2) performed with input from State, local, and tribal governments and nonprofit organizations.  Terminates this Act five years after enactment.
Supply Our Soldiers Act of 2011 - Directs the Secretary of Defense (DOD) to provide for a program under which postal benefits are provided to a member of the Armed Forces who is on active duty and who is either: (1) serving in Iraq or Afghanistan, or (2) hospitalized at a military medical facility as a result of such service. Provides the postal benefits in the form of coupons or other evidence of credit (vouchers) to use for postal-free mailings.

Makes the benefits program applicable during FY2012-FY2017.
Child Interstate Abortion Notification Act - Amends the federal criminal code to prohibit transporting a minor child across a state line to obtain an abortion (deems such transporting to be a de facto abridgment of the right of a parent under any law in the minors state of residence that requires parental involvement in the minors abortion decision). Makes an exception for an abortion necessary to safe the life of the minor.

Protects from prosecution or civil liability the minor or the minors parents for violations of this Act.

Makes it an affirmative defense to a prosecution or civil action under this Act that a defendant: (1) reasonably believed that before the minor obtained the abortion, the required parental consent or notification or judicial authorization took place; or (2) was presented with documentation showing that a court waived parental notification requirements or authorized the minor's abortion.

Authorizes any parent who suffers harm from a violation of this Act to seek relief in a civil action unless such parent committed an act of incest with the minor.

Defines "abortion" as the termination of a pregnancy with an intention other than to increase the probability of a live birth, preserve the life or health of the child after live birth, remove a dead unborn child who died as the result of a spontaneous abortion, accidental trauma, or a criminal assault on the pregnant female or her unborn child.

Defines "parent" to include a guardian, legal custodian, or person standing in loco parentis.

Imposes a fine and/or prison term of up to one year on a physician who performs or induces an abortion on an out-of-state minor in violation of parental notification requirements. Requires such physician to give 24-hour actual or constructive notice to a parent of the minor seeking an abortion. Allows an exception if: (1) the physician complies with parental notification requirements in the physicians state; (2) the physician is given documentation that a court in the minors state of residence has waived parental notification or otherwise authorized the minors abortion; (3) the minor provides a written statement that she is the victim of sexual abuse, neglect, or physical abuse by a parent and the physician notifies appropriate state officials of such abuse; (4) the abortion is necessary to save the life of the minor (written notice must be given to the minor's parent within 24 hours after the lifesaving abortion is performed): or (5) a person accompanying the minor provides documentation to the physician that such person is the parent of the minor.
Amends the Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 to: (1) expand from 3 to 7 the membership of the Board of Directors; (2) grant permanent membership to the States of Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi; North Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia; (3) confer chief executive officer status upon the chairperson selected from among board members; and (4) revise compensation guidelines.
Ready Employers Willing to Assist Reservists' Deployment Act of 2009 or the REWARD Act of 2009 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow employers a tax credit for 50% of the wages paid to their employees on active military duty for more than 90 days as Ready Reserve or National Guard and for 50% of the wages paid to temporary replacement employees.
Elder Abuse Prevention Act of 2006 - Requires states to adopt laws and policies that prohibit parole for: (1) any individual who is convicted of a criminal sexual offense against a victim who is elderly; or (2) a sexually violent predator.

Requests the U.S. Sentencing Commission to promptly review its guidelines for sexual offenses committed against the elderly and to consider new guidelines for enhanced sentencing for such crimes.
Hydropower Regulatory Efficiency Act of 2011 - Amends the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (PURPA) to increase from 5,000 to 10,000 kilowatts the size of small hydroelectric power projects which the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) may exempt from its license requirements.

 Amends the Federal Power Act to revise the limitation on the maximum installation capacity of conduit hydroelectric facilities that are eligible for an exemption from licensing requirements.

Waives license requirements for any conduit hydroelectric facility that: (1) uses only the hydroelectric potential of a non-federally owned conduit, (2) has an installed capacity that does not exceed 5 megawatts, and (3) is not currently licensed or exempted from license requirements.

 Redefines "conduit" to specify any tunnel, canal, pipeline, aqueduct, flume, ditch, or similar manmade water conveyance operated for the distribution of water for agricultural, municipal, or industrial consumption and not primarily for the generation of electricity.

Authorizes FERC to: (1) grant an exemption from license requirements only to conduit hydroelectric facilities on non-federal land that have an installed capacity not exceeding 40 megawatts, and (2) extend the term of a preliminary permit once for up to 2 additional years if it finds that the permittee has carried out activities in good faith and with reasonable diligence.

 Directs FERC to: (1) investigate the feasibility of the issuance of a license for hydropower development at nonpowered dams and closed loop pumped storage projects during a two-year period, and (2) hold workshops and develop hydropower pilot projects.

Directs the Secretary of Energy (DOE) to study: (1) the potential megawatts of hydropower that may be obtained from U.S. conduits; and (2) land well-suited for pumped storage sites and located near existing or potential sites of intermittent renewable resource development, such as wind farms.

 Directs the President to report to certain congressional committees on actions taken by DOE to implement the memorandum of understanding on hydropower entered into on March 24, 2010.
Balanced Budget Accountability Act  Requires each house of Congress to adopt a concurrent budget resolution for a fiscal year which provides that, for each fiscal year for which a budget is provided under the resolution (beginning by FY2025), total outlays do not exceed total receipts and are not more than 18% of the gross domestic product for such fiscal year. Requires the Director of the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), upon the adoption by a chamber of a concurrent budget resolution for a fiscal year, to transmit to the Speaker of the House of Representatives or the President pro Tempore of the Senate (as the case may be) a certification as to whether or not that chamber has met the requirements of this Act with respect to the resolution. Requires the appropriate payroll administrator of each chamber to deposit in an escrow account all mandatory payments for compensation of Members of Congress serving in that chamber if CBO does not certify that it has adopted a concurrent budget resolution for FY2016 before April 16, 2015. Requires deposits to begin on such date and to be released to appropriate Members on the earlier of:   the day on which CBO certifies that the chamber has met the requirements of this Act with respect to FY2016, or  the last day of the 114th Congress.  Sets forth the same requirements for FY2017 if CBO does not certify that a chamber has adopted a concurrent budget resolution for FY2017 before April 16, 2016. Requires legislation in the House and Senate that increases revenue to be agreed upon only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of that chamber.
Guam World War II Loyalty Recognition Act - (Sec. 2) Recognizes the suffering and the loyalty of the people of Guam during the Japanese occupation of Guam in World War II.

(Sec. 3) Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to make specified payments to: (1) living Guam residents who were raped, injured, interned, or subjected to forced labor or marches resulting from, or incident to, such occupation and subsequent liberation; and (2) survivors of compensable residents who died in war and survivors of compensable injured residents (such payments to be made after payments have been made to surviving Guam residents).

Defines "compensable Guam decedent" as a Guam resident who died or was killed as a result of the attack and occupation of Guam by Japanese military forces during World War II, or incident to Guam's liberation by U.S. military forces, and whose death would have been compensable under the Guam Meritorious Claims Act of 1945 if a timely claim had been filed.

Defines "compensable Guam victim" as an individual who, as a result of the attack and occupation of Guam by Japanese military forces during World War II or incident to the liberation of Guam by U.S. military forces, suffered any of the following: (1) rape or severe personal injury (such as loss of a limb, dismemberment, or paralysis); (2) forced labor or personal injury (such as disfigurement, scarring, or burns); or (3) forced march, internment, or hiding to evade internment.

(Sec. 4) Directs the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission to specify injuries that would constitute a severe personal injury or a personal injury. Authorizes the Commission to adjudicate claims and determine payment eligibility.

Requires: (1) claims to be filed within one year after the Commission publishes public notice of the filing period in the Federal Register; and (2) the Commission to make filing period information available to the public through the media in Guam.

Subjects false claims to criminal penalties.

(Sec. 5) Directs the Secretary of the Interior to establish a grant program for research, educational, and media activities that memorialize the events surrounding the World War II occupation of Guam or honor the loyalty of the people of Guam during the occupation, or both.

(Sec. 6) Authorizes appropriations, which shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2013, for: (1) Guam World War II claims payments and adjudication; and (2) the Guam World War II memorial grant program.
Old Man of the Mountain Commemorative Coin Act - Instructs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue $5 gold coins and $1 silver coins emblematic of the Old Man of the Mountain, the granite symbol of New Hampshire's fierce independence.

States that no coins may be minted under this Act after December 31, 2008.

Requires all surcharges received from such coin sales to be paid by the Secretary to the Old Man of the Mountain Revitalization Fund, Inc., to be used for the objects and purposes of such Fund.
Anaktuvuk Pass Land Exchange and Wilderness Redesignation Act of 1994 - Ratifies and confirms the agreement between the United States, the Arctic Slope Regional Corporation, the Nunamiut Corporation, and the city of Anaktuvuk Pass executed on December 17, 1992.  Requires the lands acquired by the United States pursuant to such Agreement to be administered by the Secretary of the Interior as part of the Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve. 
Amends the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act to provide for the addition and the rescission of lands within the Gates of the Arctic Wilderness.
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the Senate on February 29, 2016.  Nevada Native Nations Land Act (Sec. 3) This bill requires the United States to hold in trust the following lands for the benefit of:  the Fort McDermitt Paiute and Shoshone Tribe of the Fort McDermitt Indian Reservation, 19,094 acres of Bureau of Land Management (BLM) land; the Shoshone-Paiute Tribes of the Duck Valley Indian Reservation, 82 acres of Forest Service land; the Summit Lake Paiute Tribe, 941 acres of BLM land; the Reno-Sparks Indian Colony, 13,434 acres of BLM land; the Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe, 6,357 acres of BLM land; and the Duckwater Shoshone Tribe 31,269 acres of BLM land.  The lands held for these tribes shall be part of their respective reservations. (Sec. 4) Gaming is prohibited on these lands.
Strong Families Act This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1)&nbsp;allow certain employers a business-related tax credit for a specified percentage (not to exceed 25%) of the amount of wages paid to their employees during any period (not exceeding 12 weeks) in which such employees are on&nbsp;family and medical leave, (2) limit the allowable amount of such credit with respect to any employee to the product of the normal hourly wage rate of such employee for each hour (or fraction thereof) of actual services performed for the employer and the number of hours (or fraction thereof) for which family and medical leave is taken, and (3) terminate such credit five years after the enactment of this bill.  The Government Accountability Office shall complete&nbsp;a study on the effectiveness of the tax credit for paid family and medical leave. 
Requires such grants and contracts to be used for: (1) providing equipment and support to enable students to actively participate in physical education activities; (2) developing or enhancing physical education curricula to meet national goals developed by the Secretary; and (3) providing funds for staff and teacher training and education.
Requires LEA assistance applications for such assistance to contain plans for helping school physical education programs make progress toward meeting State standards for physical education or specified goals. Prohibits extracurricular activities such as team sports and Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC) program activities from consideration as part of the curriculum of a physical education program assisted under this Act.
Authorizes appropriations.
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the House on July 8, 2013.  California Coastal National Monument Expansion Act of 2013 - Expands the boundary of the California Coastal National Monument, established by Presidential Proclamation 7264, to include the Point Arena-Stornetta public lands in Mendocino County, California.  Requires management of such lands in accordance with such Proclamation, and as part of the Monument, except that: (1) traditional economic activities and existing uses, such as grazing and maintenance of existing structures used for grazing, shall not be restricted; and (2) lands and interests in land within the proposed land addition not owned by the federal government shall not become part of the Monument, and the future acquisition of such lands and interests by the government may only occur through donation or exchange with the landowner's written consent.  Instructs the Secretary of the Interior to finalize an amendment to the Monument's management plan for the long-term protection and management of the lands added to the Monument under this Act. Requires the plan amendment to be developed with an opportunity for full public participation.  Permits the use of motorized and mechanized vehicles in the Monument only on roads and trails designated for such use, except as needed for emergency or authorized administrative purposes.  Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to acquire non-federal land or interests within or adjacent to the land added to the Monument only through exchange, or donation with the landowner's written consent. Bars the inclusion of non-federal land within the boundaries of the Monument without such consent. Requires any such acquired land or interests to be added to and administered as part of the Monument. Prohibits the addition of lands to the Monument under this Act from resulting in a lack of or restricted access by motorized vehicle to any non-federal lands within the Monument.  Declares that nothing in this Act: (1) restricts or precludes low-level military, commercial, and general aviation overflights; (2) affects law enforcement authorities of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS); (3) enlarges, diminishes, or modifies the rights of any Indian tribes and Indian religious communities; or (4) affects livestock grazing and the maintenance of existing structures used for grazing with the Point Arena-Stornetta Public Lands or the Monument. States that: (1) the expansion of the Monument is not intended to lead to the establishment of protective perimeters and buffer zones around the land included in the Monument by this Act; and (2) the fact that activities outside the Monument can be seen or heard within the land added to the Monument by this Act shall not, of itself, preclude those activities or uses up to the Monument's boundary. Requires management of the Monument as part of the National Landscape Conservation System. 
Safety of Seniors Act of 2008 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to: (1) oversee and support a national education campaign focusing on reducing falls among older adults and preventing repeat falls; and (2) award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to design and carry out local education campaigns.

Allows the Secretary to conduct and support research to: (1) improve the identification of older adults who have a high risk of falling; (2) improve data collection and analysis to identify fall risk and protective factors; (3) design, implement, and evaluate the most effective fall prevention interventions; (4) tailor effective strategies to reduce falls to specific populations of older adults; (5) maximize the dissemination of proven, effective fall prevention interventions; (6) improve the diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation of elderly fall victims and older adults at high risk for falls; and (7) assess the risks of falls occurring in various settings.

Authorizes the Secretary to: (1) conduct research concerning the barriers to the adoption of proven fall prevention interventions; (2) conduct research to develop, implement, and evaluate the most effective approaches to reduce falls among high-risk older adults living in communities and long-term care and assisted living facilities; (3) evaluate the effectiveness of community programs; (4) provide professional education for physicians and allied health professionals in fall prevention; (5) oversee and support specified demonstration and research projects; (6) award grants to design, implement, and evaluate fall prevention programs using proven intervention strategies and carry out a multistate demonstration project; (7) give priority in awarding grants under this Act to entities that explore the use of cost-sharing to ensure the institutional commitment of the recipients of such assistance to the funded projects; and (8) report to Congress on the effects of falls on health care costs, the potential for reducing falls, and the most effective strategies for reducing associated health care costs.
G.I. Advanced Education in Science and Technology Act - Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay a monthly stipend to each individual who is entitled to veterans' basic educational assistance and is pursuing full-time a doctoral degree in the physical or natural sciences, engineering, mathematics, or other scientific or technology disciplines. Allows such payment in addition to any other authorized Montgomery GI Bill educational assistance.

Makes such payment $1,200 a month (adjusted for inflation for fiscal years after 2005) for up to 60 months. Requires that such payments be disregarded by an institution of higher learning when determining any financial assistance that may be available to such doctoral candidate.
Northern Mariana Islands College Access Act of 2009 - Directs the Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands to use federal funds authorized by this Act to award grants to public four-year institutions of higher education (IHEs) located in the states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, or Guam to cover the difference between the in-state and out-of-state tuition and fees for students who have: (1) been domiciled in the Northern Mariana Islands for at least the 12 months preceding their enrollment in the IHE; and (2) received on or after January 1, 2008, a secondary school diploma or its equivalent while domiciled there.

Requires the Comptroller General to monitor the progam's effectiveness in expanding educational opportunities for such students.

Directs the Secretary of Education to provide financial assistance to Northern Marianas College so it can award a subgrant to an IHE to plan and implement a vocational training program at the College that awards certificates of completion in areas that include: (1) food preparation, services, and the culinary arts; (2) hospitality management; (3) carpentry; (4) electrical skills; (5) plumbing; and (6) other construction skills.
Buy American Improvement Act of 2009 - Amends the Buy American Act to: (1) extend through FY2013 the requirement for federal agencies to report to specified congressional committees on the amount of agency acquisitions from entities that manufacture products outside the United States; (2) apply such Act to executive, legislative, and judicial branch agencies; and (3) require articles to be treated as made substantially all from articles mined, produced, or manufactured in the United States if the cost of the domestic components exceeds 75% of the total cost of all components.

Prohibits federal agencies from determining that: (1) it would not be in the public interest to enter into a contract subject to Buy American requirements after a solicitation of offers notice for such contract is published; (2) the cost of acquiring products manufactured in the United States is unreasonable unless such acquisition would increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25%; or (3) an article is not mined, produced, or manufactured in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available commercial quantities of satisfactory quality unless the agency has determined that domestic production cannot be initiated without significantly delaying the project and that a substitutable article is not available from a company in the United States.

Requires agencies: (1) to give preference in the procurement process to a company that manufactures the solicited product in the United States if such company's bid is substantially the same as a bid made by a non-U.S. manufacturer or such company is the only one that manufactures the product in the United States; (2) to exclude costs related to the startup of a project from a domestic bid; (3) to apply Buy American requirements without regard to whether products to be acquired are for use outside the United States if they are not needed on an urgent basis or if they are acquired on a regular basis; (4) in determining whether to grant a public interest waiver of Buy American requirements, to consider any predicted significant decrease in domestic employment to be against the public interest; and (5) to publish waivers requested and waivers granted on a publicly available website.

Directs: (1) the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council to amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation to ensure that Buy American requirements apply to component projects that have been disaggregated from a larger project for purposes of avoiding applicability of such requirements to the larger project; and (2) the Comptroller General to report to Congress recommendations to be used in determining whether acquiring articles mined, produced, or manufactured in the United States would be inconsistent with the public interest.

Requires this Act to be applied in a manner consistent with U.S. obligations under international agreements.
This bill approves, with specified exceptions, the agreement and appendices signed by the United States and the Republic of Palau on September 3, 2010, in connection with the Compact of Free Association between the United States and Palau. If Palau withdraws more than $5 million from the trust fund set up by the Compact in FY2016, or more than $8 million in FY2017, certain amounts will be withheld from Palau until it reimburses the fund for the total amounts withdrawn that exceeded $5 million in FY2016 or $8 million in FY2017.  The bill authorizes appropriations to: (1) subsidize postal services to Palau, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Federated States of Micronesia for FY2017-FY2024; and (2) carry out specified federal responsibilities under the Compact through FY2023. The bill repeals specified offset requirements. Funding is provided through:   FY2018 to reduce government arrears of Palau,   FY2023 for additional economic assistance, and   FY2024 for infrastructure projects.   Funding is provided through FY2024 to create an Infrastructure Maintenance Fund for routine and periodic maintenance of major capital improvement projects. (Palau is required to provide specified quarterly amounts for the Fund.) The bill revises specified passport requirements.
(This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the House on September 9, 2013.  Global Investment in American Jobs Act of 2013 - Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) U.S. ability to attract foreign direct investment is directly linked to U.S. long-term economic prosperity, global competitiveness, and security; (2) it is a top national priority to enhance U.S. global competitiveness, prosperity, and security by removing unnecessary barriers to foreign direct investment and the U.S. jobs it creates and promoting policies to ensure the United States remains the premier global destination in which to invest, hire, innovate, and manufacture products; (3) maintaining the U.S. commitment to open investment policy encourages other countries to reciprocate and enables the United States to open new markets abroad for U.S. companies and their products; (4) U.S. policies regarding foreign direct investment should reflect national security interests and should not disadvantage domestic investors or companies; and (5) U.S. efforts to attract foreign direct investment should be consistent with efforts to maintain and improve the U.S. standard of living.  Directs the Secretary of Commerce, in coordination with the Federal Interagency Investment Working Group and the heads of other relevant federal agencies, to conduct an interagency review of the U.S. global competitiveness in attracting foreign direct investment and report to Congress recommendations for increasing that U.S. global competitiveness without weakening labor, consumer, financial, or environmental protections.
Indian Needs Assessment and Program Evaluation Act of 2003 - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to develop a uniform method, criteria, and procedures for determining, analyzing, and compiling the program and service assistance needs of Indian tribes and Indians.

Requires Federal agencies to conduct Indian needs assessments to determine the actual needs of tribes and Indians eligible for programs and services administered by such departments and agencies. Directs the Secretary to develop a uniform method, criteria, and procedures for compiling, maintaining, keeping current, and reporting to Congress all information concerning: (1) annual Federal expenditures for programs and services for which Indians are eligible; (2) services or programs specifically for the benefit of Indians; and (3) methods of delivery of services and funding. Requires Federal departments and agencies responsible for providing services or programs to or for the benefit of tribes or Indians to: (1) file annual Indian program evaluations with specified congressional committees; and (2) publish annual listings in the Federal Register of all agency programs and services for which Indian tribes may be eligible. Directs the Secretary to file a strategic plan for the coordination of Federal assistance for Indians.
Student, Teachers, and Officers Preventing School Violence Act of 2018 or the STOP School Violence Act of 2018 This bill amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to revise and reauthorize through FY2028 the Secure Our Schools grant program. 
Neighborhood Security Act - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to qualified entities for the establishment of demonstration projects designed to determine the effectiveness of certain activities by community residents in coordination with local police in preventing and removing violent crime and drug trafficking from the community, increasing economic development in the community, and preventing or ending retaliation by perpetrators of crime against community residents. 
Sets forth provisions regarding:  (1) the period of grant awards; (2) limits on grant amounts; (3) reductions in awards; and (4) unused portion of grant funds. 
Establishes application requirements, including:  (1) an agreement with the local police department to coordinate and assist in the prevention and removal of violent crime and drug trafficking in the target community; (2) a plan detailing the nature and extent of coordination and assistance to be provided by such department, project participants, and the applicant; and (3) a description of the strategy of the community for the physical and economic development of the community. 
Sets forth provisions regarding:  (1) criteria in considering applications; (2) preferences to specified applicants; and (3) approval procedures. 
Includes among eligible activities under grants awarded under this Act certain:  (1) citizen patrols; (2) block watch activities; (3) property modification programs; (4) squatter eviction programs; (5) expansion of community liaisons with the police; and (6) development and expansion of programs to prevent or end retaliation by perpetrators of crime against project participants. 
Grants each organization authorized to conduct a demonstration project exclusive authority over the administration of the project, except that the Secretary may prescribe necessary regulations to ensure compliance with approved applications and this Act. 
Requires the Secretary to monitor grantees to ensure that the projects conducted under the grants are being carried out in accordance with this Act.  Sets forth provisions regarding withholding, termination, or recapture of funds, as well as complaints, reports, and auditing requirements. 
Directs the Secretary to enter into a contract with an independent research organization to evaluate demonstration projects, individually and as a group.  Sets forth provisions regarding research questions, funding, and reporting requirements. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Rail Safety Act of 1996 - Amends Federal transportation law to direct the Secretary of Transportation to promulgate regulations concerning limitations on duty hours of train employees that are no less stringent than those under specified existing Federal transportation law. 
Directs the Secretary to study and report to the Congress on:  (1) the feasibility of requiring satellite-based positive train control systems in the United States by January 1, 2001; and (2) the technical, structural, and economic feasibility of installing in rail passenger cars devices which, in the event of a collision, would automatically provide passenger escape access.  Directs the Secretary, to the extent feasibility is determined, to promulgate regulations requiring installation of such control systems and train escape devices by specified dates. 
Directs the Secretary to:  (1) determine what regulations are necessary to increase the ability of passengers to escape from a rail car in the event of an emergency; and (2) if necessary, promulgate them, to take effect as soon as practicable. 
Directs the Secretary to establish, by regulation, minimum safety standards for fuel tanks of locomotives of rail passenger trains that take into consideration environmental protection and public safety. 
Directs the Secretary to determine, and report to the appropriate congressional committees, whether to promulgate regulations for public safety purposes to:  (1) require crash posts at the corners of rail passenger cars; (2) require safety locomotives on rail passenger trains; (3) establish minimum crash-worthiness standards for passenger cab cars; or (4) carry out any combination of the above. 
Directs the Secretary to:  (1) study whether to promulgate regulations requiring placement of rail signals along railways in specified positions; and (2) promulgate such regulations if the requirement is determined necessary. Requires a report to the Congress if such placement is determined unnecessary.
Domestic Partner Health Benefits Equity Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code, with respect to certain employer-provided health care benefits, to provide for the treatment of domestic partners on an equal basis with spouses and dependents by designating as a dependent any individual who is an eligible beneficiary under an employer's health care benefits plan.
Child Soldier Prevention Act of 2006 - Defines "child soldier."

States that Congress condemns the conscription, forced recruitment, or use of children by governments, paramilitaries, or other organizations in hostilities.

Prohibits, with a national interest waiver, funds appropriated or otherwise made available for specified military and related uses from being obligated or otherwise made available to the government of a country identified by the Department of State as having governmental armed forces or government supported armed groups, including paramilitaries, militias, or civil defense forces, that recruit or use child soldiers.

Directs the Secretary of State to notify any government so identified.

Authorizes the President to reinstate assistance upon certifying to Congress that a government is implementing: (1) compliance measures; and (2) mechanisms to prohibit future placement of children in combat roles and to ensure that no children are recruited before the age of 16 years old or forcibly recruited or conscripted before the age of 18 years old.

Authorizes the President to provide assistance to a country for international military education and training otherwise prohibited under this Act upon certifying to Congress that such assistance is for programs that directly address the child soldier problem.

States that the Under Secretary for Democracy and Global Affairs shall coordinate U.S. policy on child soldier issues.
State and Local Economic Stimulus Act - Makes FY2009 appropriations to the Secretary of the Treasury to award one-time revenue grants to state governments for themselves as well as for redistribution to local governments.

Sets forth a schedule for allotments based upon relative population and Tier-1 and Tier-2 unemployment rates.

Requires a state or local government to use such funds to: (1) provide essential government services; (2) cover the costs of complying with any federal intergovernmental mandate for which the federal government has not provided funds; or (3) compensate for a decline in federal funding.
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  Truth in Employment 
     Title II:  Fair Hearing 
     Title III:  Attorneys Fees    Fairness for Small Business and Employees Act of 1998 - 
Title I:  Truth in Employment
 - Amends the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) to provide that nothing in specified prohibitions against unfair labor practices by employers shall be construed as requiring an employer to employ any person who is not a bona fide employee applicant, in that such person seeks or has sought employment with the employer with the primary purpose of furthering another employment or agency status. 
(Sec. 103) Declares that this title shall not affect the rights and responsibilities under NLRA of any employee who is or was a bona fide employee applicant, including the right to:  (1) self-organization; (2) form, join, or assist labor organizations; (3) bargain collectively through representatives of their own choosing; and (4) engage in other concerted activities for the purpose of collective bargaining or other mutual aid or protection. 
Title II:  Fair Hearing
 - Directs the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) to provide for a hearing upon due notice to determine the appropriateness of the bargaining unit, if a petition for an election requests to certify a unit which includes the employees employed at one or more facilities of a multi-facility employer, and in the absence of an agreement by the parties regarding the appropriateness of the bargaining unit at issue.  Requires the NLRB, in making such determination, to consider functional integration, centralized control, common skills, functions and working conditions, permanent and temporary employee interchange, geographical separation, local autonomy, the number of employees, bargaining history, and other factors it considers appropriate. 
Title III:  Attorneys Fees
 - Provides for awards of attorney's fees and costs in administrative or court proceedings involving the NLRB, without regard to whether the NLRB's position was substantially justified or special circumstances make an award unjust, if the prevailing parties are employers or labor organizations with no more than 100 employees and a net worth of no more than $1.4 million at the time the adversary adjudication was initiated.
Domestic Partner Health Benefits Equity Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code, with respect to health insurance, to provide for the treatment of domestic partners on an equal basis with spouses by designating as a dependent any individual who is an eligible beneficiary under an employer's health insurance plan.
Student Loan Fair Prepayment Act This bill amends title IV (Student Assistance) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require a student loan borrower's prepayment amount on a Federal Family Education Loan, Federal Direct Loan, or Federal Perkins Loan to be applied first toward outstanding fees and then, unless a borrower requests otherwise, in the following order: (1) toward the principle due on the loan with the highest interest rate, if multiple loans have different interest rates; and (2) toward the principle due on the loan with the highest balance, if multiple loans have the same interest rate. Additionally, it amends the Truth in Lending Act to require a borrower's prepayment amount on a private education loan to be applied first toward outstanding fees and then, unless a borrower requests otherwise, in the following order: (1) toward the principle due on the loan with the highest interest rate, if multiple loans have different interest rates; and (2) toward the principle due on the loan with the highest balance, if multiple loans have the same interest rate.
Foster Care Mentoring Act of 2003 - Amends title IV part B (Child-Welfare Services) of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to States to support the establishment or expansion and operation of programs using networks of public and private community entities to provide mentoring for children in foster care.Prescribes program implementation guidelines, including: (1) application requirements; (2) training; (3) screening; (4) educational requirements; (5) Federal and non-Federal share of funds for the Program; (6) considerations in awarding grants; and (7) use of funds.Sets forth a maximum grant amount to be awarded to a State.Authorizes the Secretary to award a competitive grant to an eligible entity to establish a National Hotline Service or Website to provide information to individuals interested in becoming mentors to youth in foster care.Instructs the Secretary of Education to implement a program to provide for the discharge or cancellation of the Federal student loan indebtedness of an eligible mentor.
Net Operating Loss (NOL) Carryback Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a five-year carryback of net operating losses, including the operating losses of life insurance companies, incurred in 2008 and 2009.

Denies such extended loss carryover period to: (1) taxpayers in whom the federal government acquires an equity interest under the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008; (2) the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac); and (3) members of certain affiliated groups.
Sacramento River National Recreation Area Act of 2006 - Establishes the Sacramento River National Recreation Area in California, consisting of specified public land in Tehama and Shasta Counties. Requires the development of a comprehensive plan for the long-range protection and management of such Area.
Generational Residences and Nurturing Dwellings Act or the GRAND Act  Establishes in the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) a program to provide assistance for each fiscal year to up to five eligible nonprofit organizations to expand the supply of specialized housing and social services for qualified elderly relatives, age 60 or older, who are raising a child of whom they are not a parent either by blood or marriage. States that nothing in this Act shall preclude a recipient of such assistance from applying for or receiving financial assistance under any other HUD program. Provides such assistance in the form of:  financing for the construction, reconstruction, moderate or substantial rehabilitation, or acquisition of a structure or a portion of a structure to be used as specialized housing; tenant-based rental (voucher) assistance under the United States Housing Act of 1937 for entities meeting certain criteria for use only by qualified relatives who are raising a child and are eligible for such assistance for rental of a dwelling unit that qualifies as specialized housing; elderly housing project rental assistance under the Housing Act of 1959 for entities entities meeting certain criteria in connection with dwelling units that qualify as specialized housing and are made available for occupancy only by qualified relatives who are raising a child and are eligible for occupancy in such housing; and help with ongoing operational expenses of any specialized housing, including costs of supportive services required for such housing. 
Postal Innovation Act This bill directs the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) to establish a pilot program to provide nonpostal services through public-private partnerships in five postal districts or regions, including at least one rural area. Such nonpostal services may include financial services, warehousing, experimental postal products market testing, community support services, Internet voting, municipal broadband and public wireless Internet service, emergency broadband Internet service, and passport services. The bill also authorizes the USPS to furnish property and services to a state, local, or tribal government. USPS may use cost savings from providing such services to reinvest in innovation, research and development, and operations. The bill sets forth conditions under which alcoholic beverages shall be considered mailable. They must be mailed: (1) by a covered shipper, (2) in accordance with delivery requirements otherwise applicable to privately carried shipments, and (3) by a means that ensures direct delivery to a duly authorized agent at a postal facility or to the addressee, who must be at least 21 years of age and must present a valid, government-issued photo identification at the time of delivery. The alcoholic beverage may not be for resale or other commercial purpose. The bill authorizes USPS to enter into contracts to upgrade its fleet of vehicles to increase long-term savings by reducing collision, maintenance, fuel, or other costs. USPS must: (1) develop guidelines for carbon dioxide emissions, fuel economy, and safety for its vehicles; and (2) reduce the petroleum consumption of its vehicles by not less than 2% annually through the end of FY2025.  The Government Accountability Office must conduct a study on the feasibility of USPS providing Internet services to the public.
Native American Education Equity Act of 2001 - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to establish a program that provides grants and related assistance to higher education institutions serving Native Americans.Defines "Indian Tribe" and "Native American-serving institution."Sets forth examples of authorized activities to which grants may be applied such as: (1) buying, renting, or leasing scientific equipment for educational purposes; (2) renovating and improving classrooms and libraries; (3) supporting faculty exchanges and faculty fellowships; (4) funds and administrative management; and (5) academic tutoring and counseling programs.Directs the Secretary to create a streamlined format enabling qualified institutions to apply for assistance.
Targeting Child Predators Act of 2017 This bill amends the federal criminal code to add new provisions with respect to a nondisclosure requirement issued in connection with an administrative subpoena in a child exploitation or abuse investigation. The bill modifies the process for issuing a nondisclosure requirement in a child exploitation or abuse investigation and lengthens the period of time during which a recipient of an administrative subpoena is prohibited from disclosure.  It also subjects a nondisclosure requirement to judicial review, requires the administrative subpoena to include notice of the availability of judicial review, and establishes a process for judicial review.
Children's Hope Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide for a credit ($100, $200 for joint return) which is dependent on enactment of State qualified scholarship tax credits and which is allowed against the Federal income tax for charitable contributions to education investment organizations (as defined by this Act) that provide qualifying assistance for elementary and secondary education. Excludes from gross income amounts received from an education investment organization for qualified elementary and secondary education expenses.
Corporate Accountability Tax Gap Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide for public disclosure of certain information of publicly traded corporations.Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to conduct a study of corporate tax shelter activity.
Federal Employees Paid Parental Leave Act of 2007 - Allows federal employees to substitute any available paid leave for any leave without pay available for either the: (1) birth of a child; or (2) placement of a child with the employee for either adoption or foster care. Makes available for any of the 12 weeks of leave an employee is entitled to for such purposes: (1) eight administrative weeks of paid leave in connection with the birth or placement involved; and (2) any accumulated annual or sick leave.

Amends the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to allow the same substitution for covered congressional employees.
Makes it out of order in the Senate to consider a concurrent budget resolution (or amendment thereto or conference report thereon) that sets forth a deficit for any fiscal year. Makes such point of order inapplicable if the deficit for a fiscal year results solely from the enactment of social security reform legislation or provisions designated as emergency requirements.
Expresses the sense of the Senate that the congressional budget resolution for FY 2000 provides a sound framework for allocating resources to Medicare to modernize Medicare benefits, improve the solvency of the program, and improve coverage of prescription drugs.
Ombudsman Reauthorization Act of 2001 - Amends the Solid Waste Disposal Act to revise provisions regarding the Ombudsman.Expands the duties of the Ombudsman to include: (1) assisting citizens in resolving problems with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Office of the Assistant Administrator for Solid Waste and Emergency Response; (2) proposing changes in EPA administrative practices to mitigate such problems; and (3) conducting investigations, making findings of fact, and making nonbinding recommendations concerning such problems.Describes additional administrative and investigative powers of the Ombudsman.Reauthorizes appropriations for the Ombudsman through FY 2010.
Arts, Humanities, and Museums Amendments of 1993 - Amends the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 (NFAHA) to prohibit the National Endowment for the Arts from increasing a State allotment if that State decreased its own funding for the arts below the average level for the previous three years and such reduction rate exceeds that for all its general fund expenditures in the current fiscal year. 
Extends through FY 1995 the authorization of appropriations to carry out NFAHA, including funds for:  (1) program grants and other assistance by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH); (2) matching non-Federal funds received; and (3) administration of NEA and NEH programs.  Sets limitations on total appropriations authorized for the NEA and the NEH respectively in FY 1994. 
Requires an investigation and report on State compliance with specified NFAHA provisions. 
Amends the Museum Services Act to extend through FY 1995 the authorization of appropriations to carry out such Act, including funds for:  (1) grants to museum to increase and improve services; and (2) functions of the Institute of Museum Services (which is within the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities).
Neighborhood Security Act - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to qualified entities for the establishment of demonstration projects designed to determine the effectiveness of certain activities by community residents in coordination with local police in preventing and removing violent crime and drug trafficking from the community, increasing economic development in the community, and preventing or ending retaliation by perpetrators of crime against community residents. 
Sets forth provisions regarding:  (1) the period of grant awards; (2) limits on grant amounts; (3) reductions in awards; and (4) redistribution of any unused portion of grant funds. 
Establishes application requirements, including:  (1) an agreement with the local police department to coordinate and assist in the prevention and removal of violent crime and drug trafficking in the target community; (2) a plan detailing the nature and extent of coordination and assistance to be provided by such department, project participants, and the applicant; and (3) a description of the strategy of the community for the physical and economic development of the community. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Refinery Permit Process Schedule Act - Authorizes the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), upon the request of a state governor, to provide financial assistance to hire additional personnel to assist the state with expertise in fields relevant to consideration of federal refinery authorizations.

Requires a federal agency responsible for refinery authorization to provide, upon the request of a state governor, technical, legal, or other nonfinancial assistance to facilitate state consideration of such authorizations.

Directs the President to appoint a federal coordinator to facilitate such authorizations.

Requires the coordinator, upon the request of an applicant seeking a federal refinery authorization, to establish a memorandum of agreement, executed by relevant federal and state agencies, setting forth the most expeditious coordinated schedule possible for completion of all such authorizations.

Grants the U.S. District Court for the district in which the proposed refinery is located exclusive jurisdiction over any civil action for the review of the failure of an agency or official to act on a federal refinery authorization in accordance with the schedule established pursuant to the memorandum of agreement. Requires expedited review of the civil action.

Instructs the President to designate at least three closed military installations as potentially suitable for the construction of a refinery. Requires that at least one such site be designated as potentially suitable for construction of a refinery to refine biomass in order to produce biofuel.

Requires the redevelopment authority, in preparing or revising the redevelopment plan for each such installation, to consider the feasibility and practicability of siting a refinery on it.

Amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to repeal its requirements for refinery revitalization.
Countering Terrorist Radicalization Act This bill authorizes the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to provide training for administering community awareness briefings and related activities in furtherance of its efforts to counter violent extremism, identify and report suspicious activities, and increase awareness of and more quickly identify terrorism threats, including the travel of individuals from the United States to support a foreign terrorist organization abroad.  DHS shall: (1) assess its efforts to support countering violent extremism at the state, local, tribal, and territorial levels; (2) notify Congress of the number of employees of state, local, tribal, and territorial governments with security clearances sponsored by DHS; and (3) incorporate the public testimonials of former extremists into its efforts to combat terrorist recruitment. The bill amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in DHS a board to coordinate and integrate DHS's intelligence, activities, and policy related to its counterterrorism mission and functions. The board shall advise DHS on the issuance of terrorism alerts. DHS shall appoint a Coordinator for Counterterrorism to serve as the chair of the board.
Independence Hall Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint a specified number of one-dollar silver coins emblematic of the national shrines of liberty, showing the Liberty Bell on one side and Independence Hall on the other. 
Mandates that 50 percent of the surcharges collected be distributed to:  (1) the Treasury; and (2) the Independence Hall Preservation Fund to assist its efforts to meet certain funding needs of the Independence National Historic Park.
Internet Spyware (I-SPY) Prevention Act of 2004 - Amends the Federal criminal code to prohibit intentionally accessing a protected computer without authorization, or exceeding authorized access, by causing a computer program or code to be copied onto the protected computer, and intentionally using that program or code: (1) in furtherance of another Federal criminal offense; (2) to obtain or transmit personal information (including a Social Security number or other government-issued identification number, a bank or credit card number, or an associated password or access code) with intent to defraud or injure a person or cause damage to a protected computer; or (3) to impair the security protection of that computer.

Prohibits any person from bringing a civil action under State law premised upon the defendant's violating this Act.

Provides that this Act does not prohibit any lawfully authorized investigative, protective, or intelligence activity of a law enforcement agency or a U.S. intelligence agency.

Authorizes appropriations for each of FY 2005 through 2008 to the Attorney General for prosecutions needed to discourage the use of spyware (i.e., software that aids in gathering and sending information about a person or organization, or in asserting control over their computer, without their knowledge or consent) and the practice called phishing (i.e., using the websites of, or e-mails that appear to be sent from, well known legitimate businesses to deceive Internet users into revealing personal information that can be used to defraud those users).

Expresses the sense of Congress that the Department of Justice should use this Act and all other available tools to vigorously prosecute those who use spyware to commit crimes and those that conduct phishing scams.
American Manufacturing Competitiveness Act of 2013 - Directs the Committee on Technology under the National Science and Technology Council to develop, in coordination with the National Economic Council, in lieu of the currently required strategic plan to guide federal programs and activities in support of advanced manufacturing research and development, a national manufacturing competitiveness strategic plan to improve government coordination and provide long-term guidance for federal programs and activities in support of U.S. manufacturing competitiveness, including advanced manufacturing research and development.  Requires the Secretary of Commerce, in developing and updating the plan quadrennially, to serve as the chairperson of the Committee.  Specifies the goals of the plan to be to: (1) promote growth, job creation, sustainability, and competitiveness in the U.S. manufacturing sector; (2) support the development of a skilled manufacturing workforce; (3) enable innovation and investment in domestic manufacturing; and (4) support national security.  Requires the Committee, as part of the development of the plan, to conduct an analysis of specified factors that impact the competitiveness and growth of the U.S. manufacturing sector.  Permits the chairperson of the Committee to appoint an advisory panel of private sector and nonprofit leaders to provide input, perspective, and recommendations to assist in the development of the plan.  Requires the President to submit the plan to Congress and publish it on an Internet website accessible to the public.
Administrative Law Judge Conference of the United States Act - Establishes the Administrative Law Judge Conference of the United States to consist of all administrative law judges. 
Makes the chief administrative law judge the chief administrative officer and presiding judge of the Conference.  Requires the chief judge to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, and to have served as an administrative law judge for at least five years before the date of appointment. 
Sets forth provisions regarding:  (1) the chief judge's term of office, rate of pay, and service as an administrative law judge after expiration of that term; and (2) powers of the chief judge (including to enhance the administrative law process, develop training programs, and encourage the efficient use of administrative law judges through temporary reassignment based upon workload). 
Transfers all administrative law judge functions currently performed by the Office of Administrative Law Judges of the U.S.  Office of Personnel Management to the Conference. 
Directs that the chief judge assign administrative law judges to agencies for the adjudication of agency cases.  Makes each agency responsible for providing all administrative law judge budget, resources, and support requirements, for maintaining administrative law judge finance records, and for appointing the chief administrative law judge for the agency. 
Declares that the advisory body on policy of the Conference shall be the Council of the Administrative Law Judge Conference of the United States, with the chief judge presiding over the Council.  Sets forth provisions regarding Council membership, responsibilities, public member compensation, administrative law judge duties, case referrals, and application of agency policy. 
Directs the chief judge, upon the Council's recommendation and after providing notice and a period for comment, to adopt and issue rules of judicial conduct for administrative law judges.  Prohibits an administrative law judge from being removed, suspended, reprimanded, or disciplined except for misconduct or neglect, or for physical or mental disability. 
Requires the rules of the chief judge to contain a Complaints Resolution Board which consists of both administrative law judges and attorneys, at a specified rate of compensation.  Sets forth complaint and transition procedures.  Authorizes appropriations for FY 1999 for the Conference.
Community College Partnership Act of 2005 - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to establish a community college opportunity program to help students at community or technical colleges to transfer to four-year institutions and complete bachelor's degrees. 
 
 Directs the Secretary of Education to award program grants to eligible partnerships that include one or more community or technical colleges that award associate's degrees and one or more institutions of higher education that offer a baccalaureate or postbaccalaureate degree not awarded by the partner colleges (or to statewide boards or partnerships with jurisdiction over such educational entities). 
 
 Requires funds from such grants to be used for: (1) development of policies to expand opportunities for community or technical college students to earn bachelor's degrees, including transfer of academic credits between institutions and expanded articulation and guaranteed transfer agreements; (2) support services to students participating in the program, including tutoring, mentoring, academic and personal counseling, and transition facilitation; (3) academic program enhancements at the community or technical college that increase program quality and the number of student participants in the dual degree program offered in conjunction with a baccalaureate degree-granting institution; and (4) programs to identify barriers that inhibit student transfers.
(Sec. 2) Revises an exemption from FLSA minimum wage and overtime compensation requirements for certain computer professionals to include computer network and database analysts, and computer systems, network, and database designers and developers.(Sec. 3) Exempts from FLSA minimum wage and overtime compensation requirements any employee in a sales position, if: (1) the employee has specialized or technical knowledge related to products or services being sold; (2) the employee's sales are predominantly to persons who are entities to whom the employee has made previous sales or the employee's position does not involve initiating sales contacts; (3) the employee has a detailed understanding of customers' needs and exercises discretion in offering a variety of products and services; (4) the employee receives a base compensation at a specified minimum rate and additional compensation based on sales attributable to the employee; (5) the employee's aggregate compensation based upon sales reaches a specified minimum level; and (6) the rate of annual compensation or base compensation for an employee who did not work for an employer for an entire calendar year is prorated to reflect annual compensation which would have been earned if the employee had been compensated at the same rate for the entire calendar year. Makes such exemption inapplicable to individuals employed as route sales drivers.(Sec. 4) Exempts licensed funeral directors and licensed embalmers from FLSA minimum wage and overtime compensation requirements.(Sec. 5) Allows a State to preempt the Federal minimum wage if the State: (1) sets a minimum wage rate of at least $5.15 per hour (the current Federal minimum wage); and (2) applies that rate to as many workers in the State as would otherwise be covered by the Federal minimum wage rate.
Receiving Electronic Statements To Improve Retiree Earnings Act  This bill amends the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and the Internal Revenue Code to authorize the electronic delivery of pension plan documents required to be furnished to a plan participant, beneficiary, or other individual. The system for furnishing such a document must: (1) be designed to result in effective access to the document, (2) permit the recipient to select the electronic means through which the document is received or request paper documents, and (3) protect the confidentiality of personal information.  An annual paper notice must be provided describing:  the selection of electronic means for furnishing documents, the right to modify the selection or to elect to receive paper versions of the documents at no additional direct cost and how to make the election, and  any election that has been made to receive paper documents.   An electronically furnished document must be prepared and furnished in a manner that is consistent with the style, format, and content requirements for the document. It must also include a notice that apprises the individual of the significance of the document when it is not otherwise reasonably evident as transmitted. 
Eastern Nevada Land Implementation Improvement Act  Amends the Lincoln County Land Act of 2000 (the Act) to require implementation of a multispecies habitat conservation plan in Lincoln County, Nevada.  Amends the Act and the Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2004 to make certain amounts available for comprehensive, cost-effective, and multijurisdictional hazardous fuels reduction projects and wildfire prevention planning (particularly for pinyon-juniper dominated landscapes) and other rangeland and woodland restoration projects within the county, consistent with the Ely Resource Management Plan and subject to approval by the Department of the Interior.  Requires establishment of cooperative agreements between the Bureau of Land Management and Lincoln County for certain county-provided law enforcement and planning related activities.  Requires the use of a portion of proceeds from land sales under both Acts for the Lincoln County Regional Development Authority or any other county economic development organization.  Excludes specified public land within certain utility corridors in Lincoln and Clark Counties, Nevada, from being withdrawn from public land, mining, and mineral leasing and geothermal leasing laws.  Amends the Pam White Wilderness Act to adjust the boundary of the Mt. Moriah Wilderness to include specified lands. Adjusts the boundary of the High Schells Wilderness to include and exclude specified lands.  Amends the Nevada Wilderness Protection Act of 1989 to adjust the boundary of the Arc Dome Wilderness to exclude specified land.  Amends the Mesquite Lands Act of 1988 to require the proceeds of the sales of certain parcels of land by Interior to the city of Mesquite, Nevada, to be made available for use for the development and implementation of a conservation plan to benefit fish and wildlife species of the Virgin River in Clark County (rather than, as currently, for development of a multispecies habitat conservation plan).
Mynesha's Law - Authorizes any local or tribal government to submit an application to the Attorney General for designation as a High-Intensity Gang Activity Area.

Directs the Attorney General to: (1) establish criteria for reviewing such applications; and (2) establish an Interagency Gang Prevention Task Force to coordinate federal assistance to High-Intensity Gang Activity Areas. Directs the Task Force to prioritize the needs of High-Intensity Gang Activity Areas for funding under specified federal community assistance and grant programs.
Rare Earths and Critical Materials Revitalization Act of 2010 - Title I: Rare Earth Materials - (Sec. 101) Establishes in the Department of Energy (DOE) a research, development, and commercial application program to assure the long-term, secure, and sustainable supply of specified rare earth materials to satisfy the national security, economic well-being, and industrial production needs of the United States.

Directs the Secretary of Energy (Secretary) to: (1) support new or significantly improved processes and technologies (as compared to those currently in use in the rare earth materials industry); (2) encourage multidisciplinary collaborations and opportunities for students at institutions of higher education; (3) collaborate with relevant agencies of foreign countries with interests relating to rare earth materials; and (4) submit an implementation plan to Congress.

Requires the Secretary to offer to contract with the National Academy of Sciences for an assessment of the program after it has been in operation for four years.

(Sec. 102) Amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to authorize the Secretary through FY 2015, only to the extent provided in advance in a subsequent appropriations Act, to make loan guarantee commitments for the commercial application of new or significantly improved technologies for specified categories of projects, including: (1) separation and recovery of rare earth materials from ores or other sources; (2) preparation of rare earth materials in oxide, metal, alloy, or other forms needed for national security, economic well-being, or industrial production purposes; and (3) application of rare earth materials in the production of improved magnets, batteries, refrigeration systems, optical systems, electronics, and catalysis, among other uses.

Directs the Secretary to cooperate with appropriate private sector participants to achieve a complete rare earth materials production capability in the United States within five years after enactment of this Act.

Prohibits the Secretary from awarding a loan guarantee for a project unless the project's proponent provides assurances that the loan or guarantee shall be used to support the separation, recovery, preparation, or manufacturing of rare earth materials in the United States for customers within the United States, unless insufficient domestic demand for such materials results in excess capacity.

Title II: National Materials and Minerals Policy, Research, and Development - (Sec. 201) Amends the National Materials and Minerals Policy, Research and Development Act of 1980 to: (1) instruct the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to coordinate federal materials research and development through the National Science and Technology Council (instead of the Federal Coordinating Council for Science, Engineering, and Technology, which is now defunct); and (2) repeal specified reporting and action requirements for the Secretaries of Defense and of the Interior, respectively.

(Sec. 202) Repeals the National Critical Materials Act of 1984.
Vests in the United States all right, title, and interest to, and the right to immediate possession of, Mt. Soledad Veterans Memorial in San Diego, California, to provide for its preservation as a national war memorial honoring veterans.

Requires the United States to pay a negotiated or court-ordered amount of compensation to current owners of such property.

Prohibits expanding the Memorial's boundaries, upon acquisition by the United States.
Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of Education to provide grants and related assistance to certain institutions of higher education that have an undergraduate enrollment that is at least 10% Asian American or Pacific Islander, for activities to improve their capacity to serve such students.

Requires applicants for such assistance to submit a five-year plan for improving the assistance they provide to such students.

Gives priority to eligible institutions that serve a significant percentage of low-income Asian American and Pacific Islander students.
Conscience Protection Act of 2016 This bill amends the Public Health Service Act to codify the prohibition against the federal government and state and local governments that receive federal financial assistance for health-related activities penalizing or discriminating against a health care provider based on the provider's refusal to be involved in, or provide coverage for, abortion. Health care providers include health care professionals, health care facilities, social services providers, health care professional training programs, and health insurers. The Office for Civil Rights of the Department of Health and Human Services, in coordination with the Department of Justice (DOJ), must investigate complaints alleging discrimination based on an individual's religious belief, moral conviction, or refusal to be involved in an abortion. DOJ or any entity adversely affected by such discrimination may obtain equitable or legal relief in a civil action. Administrative remedies do not need to be sought or exhausted prior to commencing an action or granting relief. Such an action may be brought against a governmental entity.
Heart Disease Education, Analysis Research, and Treatment for Women Act or the HEART for Women Act - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to allow the Secretary of Health and Human Services to deny a new drug application if the application fails to include required information on clinical investigations.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) require that a new drug application include any clinical data possessed by the applicant that relates to the safety and effectiveness of the drug involved by gender, age, and racial subgroup; and (2) develop guidance for the staff of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to ensure that new drug applications are adequately reviewed to determine whether they include the required clinical data.

Authorizes the Secretary to place a clinical hold on an investigation under an investigational new drug application if the sponsor of the investigation fails to meet the requirements of an annual report on the status of each study in progress.

Applies provisions relating to clinical data submission for new drug applications to applications for an investigational new drug, a biologics license for a biological product, premarket approval for a class III device, and investigational use of a device.

Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary to provide that all nonidentifiable patient safety work product reported to and among the network of patient safety databases be identified by sex.

Directs that analyses of statistics of information reported to the network of patient safety databases take into account data that specifically relates to women and any disparities between treatment and the quality of care between males and females.

Requires the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to support research and demonstrations to identify and evaluate clinical and organizational strategies to improve the quality of and access to care for women with heart disease, stroke, and other cardiovascular diseases.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) distribute to females age 65 or older and appropriate health care professionals educational materials relating to the prevention diagnosis and treatment of heart disease, stroke, and cardiovascular diseases in women; and (2) conduct an education and awareness campaign for health care professionals relating to such diagnosis and treatment.

Expands the grant program authorizing the Secretary to award grants for preventive health services to all states.
Anticounterfeiting Act of 2004 - Amends the Federal criminal code to prohibit trafficking in an "illicit authentication feature." Defines that term to mean an authentication feature that: (1) has been tampered with or altered without authorization so as to facilitate the reproduction or distribution of a phono-record, a copy of a computer program, motion picture or other audiovisual work, or documentation or packaging, in violation of the rights of the copyright owner; (2) is genuine, but has been distributed or is intended for distribution without authorization; or (3) appears to be genuine but is not.

Authorizes a copyright owner who is injured by a violation of this Act or is threatened with injury to bring a civil action in an appropriate U.S. district court. Allows the court to: (1) grant temporary or permanent injunctions to prevent or restrain violations; (2) order the impounding of an article in the custody or control of the alleged violator that the court has reasonable cause to believe was involved in a violation; and (3) award to the injured party reasonable attorney fees and costs, actual damages and any additional profits of the violator, or statutory damages. Authorizes: (1) the injured party to elect to recover, instead of actual damages and profits, an award of statutory damages of between $2,500 and $25,000 for each violation; and (2) the court to increase a damage award by three times the amount that would otherwise be awarded upon finding that a person has violated this Act within three years after a final judgment was entered for a previous violation. Sets a three-year statute of limitations from discovery of the violation.
Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 title III part A (Strengthening Institutions) to direct the Secretary of Education to provide grants and related assistance to certain institutions of higher education for activities to improve their capacity to serve students who are Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. Gives priority to eligible institutions with a significant percentage of enrollment made up of such students who are low-income individuals.
Broadcast Ownership for the 21st Century Act - Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to mandate that the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) shall not prohibit a person or entity directly from owning, operating, controlling, or having a cognizable interest in: (1) two television (TV) stations with overlapping coverage areas if each station is located in a separate TV market; or (2) two TV stations within the same market, if at least one of such stations is a UHF TV station.  Provides for: (1) protection of existing local marketing agreements between two broadcast TV stations within the same market; and (2) FCC authority to permit an entity to own or operate two VHF stations within the same market, under certain circumstances. 
Directs the FCC to modify current cross-ownership limitations by eliminating: (1) provisions limiting the granting or renewal of an AM, FM, or TV broadcast station license to any party on the basis of the ownership, operation, or control of a daily newspaper; and (2) the one-to-a-market rule.  Disallows the FCC to prohibit or limit a person or entity from holding any form of ownership or other interest in a broadcast station and a cable system serving the same community. Directs the FCC to permit a TV broadcast station to affiliate with a person or entity that maintains two or more networks of TV broadcast stations, with a limited exception. 
Amends the Telecommunications Act of 1996 to direct the FCC to modify its rules for multiple ownership of TV broadcast stations to increase to 45 (currently 35) percent the national audience reach limitations for TV stations owned by the same entity or person. 
Revises provisions prohibiting the granting of radio station licenses to aliens or foreign entities to allow the granting of such a license to the same manner and extent to which such alien's or entity's country allows the granting of such a license to a U.S.  person or entity.
Extinguishes certain Pueblo land and trespass claims. Sets forth provisions relating to the treatment of land or natural resources transferred by the Pueblo prior to this Act's enactment date and ratifies such transfers. Makes this paragraph effective upon the entry of a compromise final judgment in the case of Pueblo of Santo Domingo v. United States.
Establishes the Pueblo of Santo Domingo Land Claims Settlement Fund to be expended by the Pueblo to acquire lands within the exterior boundaries of the exclusive aboriginal occupancy area of the Pueblo and for use for other tribal purposes. Authorizes appropriations. Prohibits disbursal of amounts in the Fund until: (1) the case of Pueblo of Santo Domingo v. Rael has been dismissed with prejudice; and (2) the compromise final judgment described above has been entered in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims.
Declares the boundaries of the Santo Domingo Pueblo Grant, as determined by the 1907 Hall-Joy Survey, to be the current boundaries of the Grant and that any lands currently owned or hereafter acquired by the Pueblo within such boundaries or the Grant shall be considered to be Indian country.
Telemarketing Intrusive Practices Act of 2003 - Directs the Federal Trade Commission to: (1) establish and maintain for each State a list of consumers who request not to receive telephone sales calls; (2) provide notice to consumers of the establishment of such list; (3) contract with a State to establish and maintain the lists; (4) contract with a private vendor to establish and maintain the lists, if the vendor has maintained a national listing of consumers who request not to receive such calls; and (5) and charge a reasonable fee for providing the list.

Requires a telephone solicitor to maintain a list of consumers who request not to receive telephone sales calls from that particular telephone solicitor.

Prohibits a telephone solicitor from knowingly using any method to block or otherwise circumvent the use of a caller identification service or device by a consumer.

States that a violation of this Act is an unfair or deceptive trade practice of the Federal Trade Commission Act.

Permits a private right of action in State court for an action to enjoin a violation of this Act.
Equity for Congress Act - Makes applicable to the Congress the following Federal laws:  (1) with respect to employment title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the National Labor Relations Act, sections 1977 and 1977A of the Revised Statutes, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, and the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; (2) with respect to conduct regarding matters other than employment the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; and (3) with respect to information in its possession, the Privacy Act of 1974; and (4) specified provisions of Federal law relating to independent counsel. 
Amends the Standing Rules of the Senate and the Rules of the House of Representatives to require a three-fifths vote in each House before it considers legislation that creates a requirement of general applicability but exempts the Congress from such provisions.
Iran Sanctions Enabling Act of 2009 - States that it is the policy of the United States to support the decision of state and local governments and educational institutions to divest from, and to prohibit the investment of assets they control in, persons that have investments of $20 million or more in Iran's energy sector.

Authorizes a state or local government to adopt and enforce measures to divest its assets from, or prohibit the investment of assets they control in, such persons, including financial institutions which extend them credit to so invest.

Amends the Investment Company Act of 1940 to shield any registered investment company from civil, criminal, or administrative action based upon its divesting from, or avoiding investing in, securities issued by such persons.

Amends the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) to shield from treatment as breaching a fiduciary duty any person divesting employee benefit plan assets from, or avoiding investing plan assets in, such persons.
Ethics in Government Reform Act of 1993 - Codifies in the Federal criminal code the lobbying restrictions on senior executive branch appointees under Executive Order 12834, generally and with certain technical changes and extends those restrictions to the Vice President, Members of Congress, and highly paid staffers. 
Prohibits the President, Vice President, Members of Congress, Federal Reserve Board Governors, and certain other Federal officials from receiving anything of value from a foreign government after their service or employment ends.
527 Transparency Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to revise disclosure requirements for tax-exempt political organizations (527 organizations) to require monthly reporting of contributions and expenditures. Imposes a penalty tax on political organizations that fail to meet disclosure requirements. Denies a gift tax exclusion for donations to political organizations that fail to meet disclosure requirements.

Requires political organizations to file disclosure reports simultaneously with the Secretary of the Treasury and the Federal Election Commission (FEC).
Iran Sanctions Enabling Act of 2007 - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to: (1) publish biannually in the Federal Register a list of each person, whether within or outside of the United States, that has an investment of more than $20 million in the energy sector in Iran; and (2) maintain on the website of the Department of the Treasury the names of the persons on such list.

States it is the policy of the United States to support the decision of state and local governments and educational institutions to divest from, and to prohibit the investment of assets they control in, persons included on the most recent list.

Authorizes a state or local government to adopt and enforce measures to divest its assets from, or prohibit investment of assets in, persons included on the most recent list.

Amends the Investment Company Act of 1940 to shield any registered investment company from civil, criminal, or administrative action based upon its divesting from, or avoiding investing in, securities issued by companies included on such most recent list.

Amends the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to shield from treatment as breaching a fiduciary duty any person divesting plan assets from, or avoiding investing plan assets in, persons included on such most recent list.

Expresses the sense of the Congress that the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board should: (1) initiate efforts to provide a terror-free international investment option among the funds of the Thrift Savings Fund; and (2) initiate similar efforts to provide a genocide-free international investment option.
Supporting Academic Freedom through Regulatory Relief Act Repeals certain Department of Education (ED) regulations that for purposes of determining whether a school is eligible to participate in programs under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (HEA): (1) require institutions of higher education (IHEs) and postsecondary vocational institutions (except religious schools) to be legally authorized by the state in which they are situated, (2) delineate what such legal authorization requires of states and schools, (3) impose standards and disclosure requirements on programs that prepare students for gainful employment in a recognized occupation, and (4) define "credit hour."  Prohibits ED from promulgating or enforcing any regulation or rule not in effect on the date of this Act's enactment regarding: (1) the state authorization for IHEs to operate within a state, (2) the definition or application of the term &quot;gainful employment,&quot; or (3) a teacher preparation program accountability system. Ends that prohibition when a law is enacted that extends by at least two fiscal years the authorization or duration of one or more programs under the HEA. Prohibits ED from promulgating or enforcing any regulation or rule that defines "credit hour" for any purpose under the HEA. Prohibits ED from carrying out, developing, refining, promulgating, publishing, implementing, administering, or enforcing a postsecondary institution ratings system or any other performance system to rate IHEs. Amends title IV (Student Assistance) of the HEA to authorize nonprofit IHEs to make payments to third-party entities for services that include student recruitment and are based on the amount of tuition that the IHE generates from student enrollment if the third-party entity: (1) is not affiliated with the IHE, (2) does not provide incentive payments to its employees for their success in enrolling students or securing financial aid for them, (3) is not paid by the IHE solely or separately for student recruitment services, and (4) will not make student recruitment information available to any other person or entity.
Ensuring Access to Primary Care for Women &amp; Children Act Amends title XIX (Medicaid) of the Social Security Act (SSAct) to require that the primary care services furnished in the two years after enactment of this Act by a physician with a primary specialty designation of family medicine, general internal medicine, or pediatric medicine be paid at a rate that is not less than 100% of the payment rate that applies under Medicare part B (Supplementary Medical Insurance), but only if the physician self-attests as being Board certified in those areas. Extends this 100% of Medicare payment floor, subject to certain conditions, to the following providers: (1) physicians with a primary specialty designation of obstetrics and gynecology, and self-attesting they are Board certified; (2) advanced practice clinicians; (3) rural health clinics, federally-qualified health centers, or other specified health clinics; and (4) nurse practitioners, physician assistants, or certified nurse-midwives.  Excludes from coverage of primary care services any such services provided in an emergency department of a hospital. Prescribes additional requirements for any contract between a state and a Medicaid managed care organization. Directs the Government Accountability Office to examine the use of alternative payment models in state Medicaid programs and identify opportunities for disseminating successful payment models among them. Amends SSAct title XI to: (1) extend funding for development of adult health quality measures; and (2) direct the Administrator for the Centers for Medicaid and Medicaid Services and the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to develop such measures specific to adult individuals with disabilities and include them in the Medicaid Quality Measurement Program.
Legislative Line Item Veto Act of 1993 - Grants the President legislative line item veto rescission authority.  Authorizes the President to rescind all or part of any budget authority if the President determines that such rescission:  (1) would help balance the Federal budget, reduce the Federal budget deficit, or reduce the public debt; (2) will not impair any essential Government functions; (3) will not harm the national interest; and (4) will directly contribute to the purpose of this Act of limiting discretionary spending in FY 1994 or 1995.  Requires the President to notify the Congress of such a rescission by special message after enactment of appropriations legislation for FY 1994 or 1995.  Makes such a rescission effective unless the Congress enacts a rescission disapproval bill. 
Describes:  (1) information to be included in the President's message; and (2) procedures to govern consideration of rescission disapproval legislation in the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Honoring Our Nation's Obligation to Returning Warriors Act or HONOR Warriors Act - Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide scholarships to individuals pursuing education or training in behavioral health care specialties that are critical to the operations of Vet Centers (centers for readjustment counseling and related mental health services for veterans) in order to recruit and retain individuals with such specialties for service in Vet Centers. Conditions the scholarship agreeing to serve in such a capacity for whatever period the Secretary specifies in the agreement.

Makes any Armed Forces member who serves in Operation Iraqi Freedom or Operation Enduring Freedom eligible for readjustment counseling and related mental health services through Vet Centers regardless of whether the member is on active duty at the time of receipt of counseling and services.

Directs the Secretary, on receipt of a request for counseling from an individual who has been discharged or released from active service, to: (1) provide referrals to assist the individual in obtaining mental health care and services outside the Department of Veterans Affairs; and (2) if pertinent, advise such individual of the individual's rights to apply for review of the discharge or release.

Treats the suicide of a former member that occurs within two years after separation or retirement, if the member had a medical history of a combat-related mental health condition, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), or Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI), as a death in line of duty for purposes of the survivors' eligibility to burial benefits and benefits under the Survivor Benefit Plan, laws administered by the Secretary, and the Social Security Act.

Directs the Secretary of Defense to award grants to nonprofit organizations that provide emotional support services for survivors of deceased members of the Armed Forces and deceased veterans through the survivors' peers.

Directs the Secretary of the Army to carry out at Fort Carson, Colorado, and Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of various means of enhancing awareness among members of the Army of PTSD.
Drug Sentencing Reform Act of 2006 - Amends the Controlled Substances Act and the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act to to decrease mandatory minimum sentencing thresholds for powder cocaine and increase such thresholds for crack cocaine.

Directs the U.S. Sentencing Commission to review and amend federal sentencing guidelines to: (1) reflect changes to mandatory minimum sentences made by this Act; (2) provide increased sentences for defendants who use violence or weapons in the course of a drug trafficking offense or who play an active role in the commission of such offenses; and (3) limit sentencing for defendants who play a lesser role in the commission of drug offenses and who receive little or no compensation from their crime.

Requires the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to carry out a pilot program for home detention of nonviolent prisoners age 65 or older.
Saint Helena Island National Scenic Area Act - Establishes the Saint Helena Island National Scenic Area, upon conveyance of such Island to the United States, to preserve and protect its outstanding resources and values and to provide for the conservation, protection, and enhancement of primitive recreation opportunities, fish and wildlife habitat, vegetation, and historical and cultural resources of such Island. 
Requires the boundaries of the Hiawatha National Forest to be extended to include such Area.  Requires lands acquired by the United States under this Act to be treated as entitlement lands solely for purposes of payments in lieu of taxes to local governments. 
Requires the Secretary of Agriculture to develop a management plan for the Area as an amendment to the Land and Resources Management Plan for the Hiawatha National Forest. 
Provides that nothing in this Act shall be construed as affecting the jurisdiction or responsibilities of Michigan with respect to fish and wildlife in the Area. 
Withdraws the lands within the Area from U.S. mining laws and from disposition under mineral and geothermal leasing laws.  Prohibits the Secretary from allowing any mineral development on federally-owned land within the Area, except for construction and maintenance of roads and facilities within the Area. 
Allows the Secretary to acquire land and structures:  (1) within the Area to further the purposes of this Act; and (2) on the mainland to the extent necessary for access to, and administrative facilities for, the Area. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Consumer Assurance of Radiologic Excellence Act of 2006 - (Sec. 3) Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish standards to ensure the safety and accuracy of medical imaging studies and radiation therapy treatments. Imposes such standards on personnel who perform, plan, or evaluate, or verify patient doses for, medical imaging studies and radiation therapy procedures and not on the equipment used. Exempts physicians, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants.

Directs the Secretary to ensure that individuals demonstrate compliance through successful completion of certification by a professional organization, licensure, completion of an examination, pertinent coursework or degree program, or verified pertinent experience.

Allows the standards to: (1) vary from discipline to discipline, represent expert consensus as to what constitutes excellence in practice, and be appropriate to the particular scope of care involved; (2) vary in form for each of the covered disciplines; and (3) exempt individual providers from meeting certain standards based on their scope of practice.

Requires the Secretary to provide a method for the recognition of individuals whose training and experience are determined to equal or exceed that of: (1) a graduate of an accredited educational program in that specialty; or (2) an individual who is regularly eligible to take the licensure or certification examination for that discipline.

Directs the Secretary to certify bodies for accreditation of various mechanisms by which an individual can demonstrate compliance with the standards. Requires the Secretary to establish minimum standards for certification, including assurances that the body will: (1) be a nonprofit organization; (2) comply with the established standards; and (3) notify the Secretary in a timely manner if it fails to comply. Allows the Secretary to withdraw certification upon determining the body does not meet the required standards.

Deems state standards for licensure or certification of personnel, accreditation of educational programs, or administration of examinations to be in compliance with standards under this Act unless the Secretary determines they do not meet minimum standards or are inconsistent with this Act. Requires the Secretary to establish an appeal process.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) evaluate the performance of each approved body; (2) ensure that programs that involve the performance of or payment for medical imaging or radiation therapy meet such standards; and (3) determine whether such standards must be met in their entirety in rural areas. Authorizes the Secretary to develop alternative standards for rural areas or health professional shortage areas to assure access to quality medical imaging.

Sets forth a timeline for the implementation of the standards under this Act.

(Sec. 4) Sets forth reporting requirements.
Directs Congress to establish a nonpartisan independent Department of State Review Panel, which shall report to Congress on its review of the following matters concerning Department of State organization and operations: (1) current Department structures and possible reorganization; (2) changes to ensure effective diplomacy and implementation of U.S. foreign policy; (3) challenges through the year 2020 and beyond; (4) efficient handling of future risks; (5) planning assumptions; (6) positioning necessary for negotiation and conflict deterrence; (7) information infrastructure and technology; (8) the vulnerability of U.S. technology to nontraditional threats, such as information warfare; and (9) future scenarios requiring a Department response.
Ultrasound Informed Consent Act This bill amends the Public Health Service Act to require abortion providers, before a woman gives informed consent to any part of an abortion: (1) perform an obstetric ultrasound on the pregnant woman; (2) provide a simultaneous explanation of what the ultrasound is depicting; (3) display the ultrasound images so the woman may view them; and&nbsp;(4) provide a complete medical description of the images, including the dimensions of the embryo or fetus, cardiac activity if present and visible, and the presence of external members and internal organs if present and viewable.  The bill establishes civil penalties for violations. It prohibits construing this bill to require a woman to view the images or penalizing the provider or the woman if the woman declines to look at the images.
Part-time Student Assistance Act - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide access and assistance to increase college attendance and completion by part-time students.

Exempts from student aid need formula determinations earnings up to: (1) $9,000 by dependent students; (2) $12,000 by independent students with no dependents (other than spouse); and (3) $12,000 by independent students with dependents (other than spouse). Provides for a formula for a revised table of income protection allowances. Exempts earned income credits from the calculation of income.

Revises and expands a program (child care access means parents in school) which provides grants to institutions of higher education for child care assistance for low-income students.

Directs the Secretary of Education to establish a year-round Pell grant pilot program.

Authorizes a demonstration program to create a holistic approach to addressing the needs of part-time students. Allows such program to: (1) be at up to 150 associates and bachelors degree-granting institutions; and (2) include grants, leveraging funds from non-Federal sources, comprehensive child care, and better tailored remedial course programs.
Office of Strategic Services Congressional Gold Medal Act - Requires the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate to arrange for the presentation of a congressional gold medal to the members of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in recognition of their superior service and major contributions during World War II. 
IDEA Full Funding Act - Amends the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) to reauthorize and make appropriations through FY2024 for the grant program to assist states and outlying areas to provide special education and related services to children with disabilities.  Amends the Internal Revenue Code to require an individual taxpayer whose adjusted gross income exceeds $1 million to pay a minimum tax rate of 30% of the excess of the taxpayer's adjusted gross income over the taxpayer's modified charitable contribution deduction for the taxable year (tentative fair share tax). Establishes the amount of such tax as the excess (if any) of the tentative fair share tax over the excess of: (1) the sum of the taxpayer's regular tax liability, the alternative minimum tax (AMT) amount, and the payroll tax for the taxable year; over (2) certain tax credits. Provides for a phase-in of such tax. Requires an inflation adjustment to the $1 million income threshold for taxable years beginning after 2016.
Ambulatory Surgical Center Access Act of 2009 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to revise the requirements and the formula for payments for services, including an implantable medical device, furnished to individuals in ambulatory surgical centers.

Revises requirements for the reporting of data by ambulatory surgical centers and hospital outpatient departments.

Directs the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission (MEDPAC) to study and report to Congress on outpatient surgical services.

Requires the expert outside advisory panel the Secretary of Health and Human Services is required to consult with respect to the clinical integrity of the groups and payment weights to include at least one ambulatory surgical center representative.

States that the conditions for coverage of ambulatory surgical center services specified by the Secretary shall not prohibit ambulatory surgical centers from providing individuals with any notice of rights or other required notice on the date of a procedure if more advanced notice is not feasible under the circumstances, including when a procedure is scheduled and performed on the same day.
Prescription Drug Affordability Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide that, in the case of an individual who has attained Social Security retirement age, there shall be allowed a tax credit equal to 80 percent of the amount paid by the taxpayer (and not compensated for by insurance or otherwise) for any prescribed drug the individual uses.Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and the Medicine Equity and Drug Safety Act of 2000 to repeal certain drug reimportation provisions and authority for the importation of a prohibited drug required for emergency medical care. Permits a person who meets applicable legal requirements to be an importer of drugs to import (without regard to whether the person is a manufacturer of the drug) certain Food and Drug Administration-approved new drugs, which are neither adulterated nor misbranded, and which require a prescription, if the person submits an drug import application and the Secretary approves the application.Prohibits the Secretary from taking any action under the FDCA with respect to the interstate sale of a prescription drug through an Internet site, if the sale was made in compliance with the FDCA and with applicable State laws, and accurate information regarding compliance with the FDCA and such State laws is posted on the site.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) allow a 15-year recovery period for depreciation of designated low-income buildings eligible for the low-income housing tax credit; and (2) waive limitations on passive activity losses and credits for such buildings.
Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research Amendments Act of 2003 - Amends the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Act of 1998 (Harmful Algal Act) to repeal the President's authority to disestablish the Interagency Task Force (thus retaining it).Requires the Task Force to: (1) work with the appropriate State, Indian tribe, and local governments to ensure that the assessment and research plans fulfill the requirements of the Harmful Algal Act; and (2) complete and submit to specified congressional committees not less than once every five years scientific assessments of harmful algal blooms and of hypoxia. Specifies amended assessment requirements.Requires the Task Force to: (1) make a specified scientific assessment of freshwater algal blooms; and (2) develop and submit to specified congressional committees a research plan providing for a comprehensive and coordinated national research program to develop prevention, control, and mitigation methods to reduce the impacts of harmful algal blooms on coastal ecosystems, public health, and the economy. Specifies research program requirements.Requires the Secretary of Commerce, in coordination with the Task Force and appropriate State, Indian tribe, and local governments, to provide for local and regional scientific assessments of hypoxia or harmful algal blooms, as requested by State, Indian tribe, and local governments. Specifies assessment requirements.
 Virginia Jobs and Energy Act  Directs the Secretary of the Interior to: (1) conduct lease sale 220 within one year after enactment of this Act, and (2) include at least two lease sales in the Virginia lease sale planning area in each five-year oil and gas leasing program that applies after the current leasing program. Prohibits any oil or natural gas exploration, development, or production off the Virginia coast that would conflict with a military operation. Directs the Secretary and the Secretary of Defense (DOD) periodically to review and revise a specified Memorandum of Agreement concerning such operations to account for new offshore energy production technologies, including those using wind energy. Allocates 37.5% of new leasing revenues received by the United States each fiscal year under any lease issued under this Act for payment to states affected with respect to the leases under which those revenues are received by the United States. Sets forth a payments allocation schedule for states within 200 miles of the leased tract. Exempts from environmental impact statement requirements under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA) any project determined by the Secretary to be an offshore meteorological site testing and monitoring project. Defines such project as one administered by the Department of the Interior and carried out on or in the waters of the Outer Continental Shelf to test or monitor weather (including wind, tidal, current, and solar energy) using towers, buoys, or other temporary ocean infrastructure and that: (1) causes less than one acre of surface or seafloor disruption at the location of each meteorological tower or other device and no more than five acres of surface or seafloor disruption within the proposed area affected by the project (including hazards to navigation); (2) is decommissioned within five years of its commencement; and (3) provides meteorological information to the Secretary. Directs the Secretary to: (1) require that any applicant seeking to conduct such a project obtain a permit and right of way; (2) determine, within 30 days after receiving an application, whether to issue such a permit and right of way; (3) provide an opportunity for public comment; (4) consult with DOD, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, and the heads of other federal, state, and local agencies affected by issuance of the permit and right of way; and (5) provide an applicant the opportunity to remedy deficiencies in an application that was denied.
Taxpayer Browsing Protection Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to make it unlawful for Federal employees, State employees, or other specified persons to willfully inspect, except as authorized, any tax return or return information.  Provides for a monetary penalty, imprisonment, or both for violators.  (Current law imposes penalties only for the unlawful disclosure of such information.) Permits civil damages for the unauthorized inspection or disclosure (currently, only for the unauthorized disclosure) of tax returns and return information. Requires the taxpayer to be notified as soon as practicable if any person is criminally charged by indictment with inspecting or disclosing the taxpayer's return or return information.
George C. Marshall Commemorative Coin Act -  Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue one-dollar silver coins and half-dollar clad coins in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the Marshall Plan and George C. Marshall, its author.  Directs the Secretary to pay surcharges received from coin sales to:  (1) the George C. Marshall Foundation to be used to support its educational and outreach programs; and (2) the Friends of George C. Marshall to be used solely for the construction of the George C. Marshall Memorial and Vistor Center in Uniontown, Pennsylvania.
Recreational Fishing and Hunting Heritage and Opportunities Act - Requires a federal public land management official, in cooperation with the respective state and fish and wildlife agency, to exercise the authority of the official under law, including regarding land use planning, to facilitate the use of, and access to, federal public land for hunting, recreational fishing, and recreational shooting, except as described in this Act.  Requires the heads of federal public land management agencies to exercise their discretion in a manner that supports and facilitates hunting, recreational fishing, and recreational shooting opportunities, to the extent authorized under applicable law.  Requires that Bureau of Land Management (BLM) and Forest Service land, excluding land on the Outer Continental Shelf, be open to hunting, recreational fishing, or recreational shooting unless the managing agency acts to close lands to such activity. Permits closures or restrictions on such land for purposes including resource conservation, public safety, energy or mineral production, energy generation or transmission infrastructure, water supply facilities, national security, or compliance with other law.  Allows agencies to: (1) lease or permit use of federal public land for recreational shooting ranges, and (2) designate specific land for recreational shooting activities. Excepts from such use or designation land including a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System, land designated as a wilderness study area or administratively classified as wilderness eligible or suitable, and primitive or semiprimitive areas.  Requires annual reports on closures of federal public lands to hunting, recreational fishing, or recreational shooting. Sets forth requirements for specified closures or significant restrictions involving 1280 or more contiguous acres of federal public land or water to hunting or recreational fishing or related activities.  Instructs federal public land agencies to consult with the advisory councils specified in Executive Orders 12962 (relating to recreational fisheries) and 13443 (relating to the facilitation of hunting heritage and wildlife conservation) in carrying out this Act. 
Captive Primate Safety Act This bill amends the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 to prohibit importing, exporting, transporting, selling, receiving, acquiring, or purchasing in interstate or foreign commerce any live animal of a non-human primate species. The bill also limits any licensed or registered person from allowing direct contact between any member of the public and a live bear, tiger, lion, jaguar, cougar, African leopard, snow leopard, ape, gibbon, siamang, monkey, or loris.  The Lacey Act prohibition applies to state-licensed wildlife rehabilitators. 
Chief Manufacturing Officer Act This bill expresses the sense of Congress that a well-designed national manufacturing strategy would benefit the U.S. economy. The President shall appoint a United States Chief Manufacturing Officer whose primary duty is to develop the national manufacturing strategy using the criteria set forth in this bill. The bill amends the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 to designate the United States Chief Manufacturing Officer as the chair of the Committee on Technology under the National Science and Technology Council.
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the House on May 12, 2009. The summary of that version is repeated here.)

Lumbee Recognition Act - Extends federal recognition to the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina.

Prohibits the tribe from conducting gaming activities as a matter of claimed inherent authority or under the authority of any federal law.

Requires North Carolina to exercise jurisdiction over all criminal offenses committed, and all civil actions that arise, on North Carolina lands owned by, or held in trust by the United States for, the Lumbee Tribe or any dependent Indian community of the Tribe.
Dam Rehabilitation and Repair Act of 2012 - Amends the National Dam Safety Program Act to require the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to establish a program to provide grant assistance to states for use in rehabilitating publicly-owned dams that fail to meet minimum safety standards and pose an unacceptable risk to the public (deficient dams).

Sets forth provisions regarding procedures for grant awards and fund allocation. Requires the FEMA Administrator to: (1) require a state to provide an assurance that the owner of the dam to be rehabilitated has developed and will carry out a maintenance plan during the expected life of the dam, (2) require a recipient of a grant under this Act to comply with requirements applicable to contributions of federal funds under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, and (3) develop a risk-based priority system for identifying deficient dams for which such grants may be made. Limits the federal share of rehabilitation costs to 65%.

Prohibits funds from being used to: (1) rehabilitate a federal dam, (2) perform routine operation or maintenance, (3) modify a dam to produce hydroelectric power, (4) increase water supply storage capacity, or (5) make any other modification that does not also improve safety.

Conditions the receipt of grants by states upon compliance with specified requirements regarding contracts for architectural and engineering services. Provides that such contracts shall not be considered to confer a proprietary interest upon the United States.
Teen Pregnancy Prevention, Responsibility, and Opportunity Act of 2005 - Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to: (1) local educational agencies, state and local public health agencies, and nonprofit private entities for projects to provide education on preventing teen pregnancies; and (2) public or nonprofit private entities for demonstrating innovative approaches to prevent teen pregnancies.

Reauthorizes appropriations for: (1) 21st Century Community Learning Centers and the Carol M. White physical education program, under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and (2) TRIO programs and GEARUP, under the Higher Education Act of 1965.
Hyde and Related Amendments Codification Act- Prohibits the expenditure of funds authorized or appropriated by federal law or funds in any trust fund to which funds are authorized or appropriated by federal law (federal funds) for any abortion.

Prohibits federal funds from being used for any health benefits coverage that includes coverage of abortion. (Currently, federal funds cannot be used for abortion services and plans receiving federal funds must keep federal funds segregated from any funds for abortion services.)

Prohibits the inclusion of abortion in any health care service furnished by a federal or District of Columbia health care facility or by any physician or other individual employed by the federal government or the District.

Excludes from such prohibitions an abortion if: (1) the pregnancy is the result of rape or incest; or (2) the woman suffers from a physical disorder, injury, or illness, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would place her in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, as certified by a physician.

Makes such prohibitions applicable to District of Columbia funds.

Codifies the prohibition against a federal agency or program or any state or local government that receives federal financial assistance from subjecting any individual or health care entity to discrimination on the basis that the health care entity does not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or refer for abortions. Creates a cause of action for any violations of such provisions. Gives federal courts jurisdiction to prevent and redress actual or threatened violations of such provisions by issuing any form of legal or equitable relief, including an injunction or order preventing the disbursement of all or a portion of federal financial assistance until the prohibited conduct has ceased. Gives standing to institute an action to affected health care entities and the Attorney General. Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to designate the Director of the Office for Civil Rights of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to receive, investigate, and refer to the appropriate federal agency complaints alleging a violation of such provisions.
NATO Enlargement Facilitation Act of 1996 - Declares that it should be the policy of the United States to:  (1) assist the transition to full membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) of emerging democracies in Central and Eastern Europe; and (2) work to construct a political and security relationship between an enlarged NATO and the Russian Federation. 
Expresses the sense of the Congress that in order to promote security in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovenia, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Romania, Albania, Moldova, and Ukraine:  (1) the United States should support the full and active participation of these countries in activities that will qualify them for NATO membership; (2) the U.S. Government should press the European Union to admit as soon as possible any country qualifying for membership; and (3) the United States and NATO should support military and peacekeeping initiatives between and among such countries, NATO countries, and Russia. 
Designates Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic as eligible to receive certain assistance for transition to full membership in NATO. Requires the President to designate as eligible for such assistance other emerging democracies in Central and Eastern Europe that meet specified criteria. 
Authorizes appropriations for NATO enlargement assistance. 
Declares that the transfer of excess defense articles to countries intending to participate in NATO (including countries of NATO's southern flank) shall be given priority, to the maximum extent feasible, over the delivery of such articles to other countries, except certain countries specified under the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 1995. 
Amends the NATO Participation Act of 1994 to establish a presidential and congressional procedure for termination of eligibility for assistance for Partnership for Peace countries which: (1) no longer meet certain eligibility criteria; (2) are hostile to the NATO alliance; or (3) pose a national security threat to the United States.
Agricultural Export Facilitation Act of 2007 - Amends the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 (TSREEA of 2000) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to authorize, under a general license, certain travel-related transactions for travel to, from, or within Cuba in connection with: (1) sales and marketing activities, including organization and participation in product exhibitions; and (2) sea or air transportation of products.

Authorizes a consular official to issue a temporary tourist/business visa for a Cuban national (who is not otherwise inadmissible) whose itinerary documents an intent to conduct activities, including phytosanitary inspections, related to purchasing U.S. agricultural goods under the provisions of TSREEA of 2000.

Defines "payment in cash" with respect to certain prohibitions on financing of U.S. agricultural sales to Cuba.

Prohibits the President from restricting direct transfers from a Cuban financial institution to a U.S. financial institution executed in payment for a product authorized for sale under TSREEA of 2000.
Dietary Supplement Access and Awareness Act - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require manufacturers and processors of dietary supplements to report certain information to the Secretary of Health and Human Services annually, including a list of supplements manufactured and the labeling and major ingredients for such supplements.

Requires manufacturers and distributors to report to the Secretary any serious adverse experiences regarding a supplement.

Authorizes the Secretary to require a manufacturer to: (1) conduct postmarket surveillance if there is a reasonable possibility of a supplement causing adverse health consequences; and (2) demonstrate that a supplement is not adulterated.

Requires the Secretary to establish criteria for making a determination that a dietary supplement may pose a significant risk to minors. Deems the act of selling a dietary supplement to a minor after the Secretary has made such a determination to be an act which results in a supplement being misbranded while held for sale.

Deems a dietary supplement to be adulterated if the manufacturer fails to comply with the Secretary's order to demonstrate the drug's safety.

Requires the Secretary to consider a dietary supplement or ingredient as presenting an unreasonable risk of injury or illness if the Secretary determines that the risks of such product outweighs its benefits. Allows the Secretary to consider even a relatively small risk of a serious adverse health effect to be unreasonable.

Directs the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, to carry out dietary supplement education programs for health care professionals and consumers.
Summer and Year-Round Jobs for Youth Stimulus Act of 2009 - Authorizes appropriations to the Secretary of Labor for summer and year-round youth jobs and training programs for individuals aged 14 to 24 under the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 which are directly linked to academic and occupational learning for calendar 2009-2010. Prohibits the use of such funds for unpaid jobs, statewide workforce investment activities, or the award of certain youth opportunity grants.

Requires local areas receiving such funds to give priority to providing: (1) work experiences in public and nonprofit sector green-collar jobs and in other viable industries such as health care; and (2) job referral services for youth to work jobs in green-collar industries.

Defines "green-collar industries" as those industries that offer jobs for compensation that promote energy efficiency, energy conservation (including renewable energy and clean technology), and environmental protection.
Children's Act for Responsible Employment of 2011 or the CARE Act of 2011 - Amends the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to define "oppressive child labor," for purposes of the Act's child labor prohibitions, as the employment of any employee who is: (1) 16 or 17 in any occupation found by the Secretary of Labor to be particularly hazardous for their employment or detrimental to their health or well-being; (2) 14 or 15, unless the employment is confined to periods which do not interfere with the employee's schooling, health, or well-being; or (3) under 14.

Revises the Act's exemptions to make the restrictions on oppressive child labor inapplicable to the following: (1) employment in agriculture of an employee under 18 years of age by his or her parent, or by a person standing in the place of the parent, on a farm owned by the parent or person (current law uses an age- and consent-based scheme); and (2) employment of an employee under age 16 by a parent, or a person standing in place of a parent, other than in agriculture, manufacturing, mining, or any other employment the Secretary finds to be particularly hazardous for the employment of children age 16 or 17 or detrimental to their health or well-being (current law applies the child labor restrictions to particularly hazardous agricultural employment, except where the child is employed by a parent or a person standing in place of the parent on a farm owned or operated by such person).

 Eliminates any waiver of such prohibitions for hand-harvesting of certain crops.

Increases civil and establishes criminal penalties for child labor violations.

Directs the Secretary to revise federal child labor regulations to prohibit the employment of children under 18 in duties involving the handling of pesticides.
Developing Innovation and Growing the Internet of Things Act or the DIGIT Act This bill requires the Department of Commerce to convene a working group of federal stakeholders to provide recommendations and a report to Congress regarding the growing number of connected and interconnected devices known as the Internet of Things (IoT). The bill establishes a steering committee to be composed of stakeholders outside the federal government to advise the working group. The Federal Communications Commission must: (1) seek public comment on the IoT's spectrum needs, regulatory barriers, and growth with licensed and unlicensed spectrum; and (2) submit a summary of those comments to Congress.
Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act - Amends the program under which the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer excess personal property of the Department of Defense (DOD) to federal and state agencies for law enforcement activities. Excludes counter-drug activities from the categories of law enforcement activities for which DOD property may be transferred under such program.  Requires recipients of DOD property to certify that they: (1) have personnel, technical capacity, and training to operate the property; and (2) will return to the DOD any property that is surplus to the recipient's needs. Requires recipients that are not federal agencies to certify that they have notified their local community of requests for DOD property with a notice on a publicly accessible Internet website and postings at prominent locations in the jurisdiction. Requires the Secretary to submit annually to Congress a description of property to be transferred along with a certification that the transfers are not prohibited by law. Prohibits transfers of:   automatic weapons that are not suitable for law enforcement purposes;  weapons of .50 caliber or greater;  tactical vehicles, including highly mobile multi-wheeled vehicles, armored vehicles, and mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicles; armored or weaponized drones;  aircraft that are combat configured or combat coded, or that have no established commercial flight application;  grenades and similar explosives; silencers; and  long range acoustic devices.  Prohibits transfers conditioned upon the agency demonstrating the use of any small arms or ammunitions. Requires the Secretary to ensure that certain items are not transferred from one federal or state agency to another such agency.  Prohibits obligations or expenditures of appropriations to carry out the DOD's property transfer program unless specified conditions have been met, including requirements to verify: (1) that in-person inventories of transferred property have been conducted at each agency, and (2) that 100% of such property was accounted for during the inventories or that agencies unable to account for such property have been suspended from the program. Requires the Defense Logistics Agency to maintain an Internet website that makes available publicly a description of: (1) each transfer broken down by state, county, and recipient; and (2) during the 30-day period preceding the date on which any property is transferred, the property to be transferred and the recipient.
Geothermal Production Expansion Act of 2013 - Amends competitive lease provisions of the Geothermal Steam Act of 1970 to allow an area of qualified federal land (land that is otherwise available for leasing under that Act) that adjoins other land for which a qualified lessee holds a legal right to develop geothermal resources to be available for a noncompetitive lease to such lessee at fair market value per acre if: (1) the area of qualified federal land consists of not less than one acre and not more than 640 acres and is not already leased or nominated to be leased, (2) the qualified lessee has not previously received a noncompetitive lease in connection with the valid discovery for which data has been submitted, and (3) sufficient technical data prepared by a qualified geothermal professional has been submitted by the qualified lessee to the applicable federal land management agency that would lead individuals who are experienced in the subject matter to believe that there is a valid discovery of geothermal resources on the land and that such thermal feature extends into the adjoining areas. Defines "fair market value per acre" as a dollar amount per acre that shall be: (1) equal to the market value per acre as determined by the Secretary of the Interior within 180 days after the Secretary receives an application for a lease, and (2) not less than the greater of 4 times the median amount paid per acre for all land leased under such Act during the preceding year or $50. Directs the Secretary to: (1) publish a notice of any request for such a lease; (2) determine fair market value in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary; (3) provide to a qualified lessee and publish, with an opportunity for public comment for a period of 30 days,&nbsp;any proposed determination of the fair market value of the area the qualified lessee seeks to lease; and (4) provide the lessee and any adversely affected party an opportunity to appeal the final determination of fair market value in an administrative proceeding before the applicable federal land management agency. Prohibits the Secretary from accepting any nomination of land for leasing after publication of a notice of request to lease such land unless the request has been denied or withdrawn.
Utilizing DNA Technology to Solve Cold Cases Act of 2010 - Requires the Attorney General to adopt policies and procedures to ensure that: (1) the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) may conduct familial searches for DNA samples collected from crime scenes; (2) state law enforcement agencies may request that the FBI conduct such searches in state investigations; and (3) the privacy interests of persons identified in familial searches are protected. Defines "familial search" as a search of the offender index in the National DNA Index System in which a DNA sample from an unknown source collected from a crime scene is compared to such index to determine if a familial match exists between the DNA profile contained in such index and the DNA sample collected from the crime scene.

Allows FBI familial searches to be conducted only if: (1) no identical match for a DNA sample collected from a crime scene can be identified in the offender index; and (2) the investigation for which DNA samples are collected involves murder, manslaughter, a sex offense against a minor, sexual assault, or an offense that involves a sexual act or sexual contact with another and that is punishable by imprisonment for more than one year.
Children's Hope Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a tax credit, up to $100 ($200 for joint returns), for charitable contributions to an education investment organization that disburses 90% of its contributions to provide grants to students for elementary and secondary education expenses, if at least 50% of such disbursements go to students who qualify for free or reduced-cost school lunches. Requires a taxpayer claiming such credit to first claim a state qualified scholarship tax credit, as defined by this Act, as a condition of eligibility for the federal tax credit.
Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to authorize the Secretary of Education to make grants to State and local educational agencies to pay for one-half of the salaries of teachers who use approved sabbatical leave to pursue courses of study to improve their classroom teaching. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe Equitable Compensation Amendments Act of 2005 - Amends the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe Equitable Compensation Act to make member landowners eligible for the additional financial compensation provided to the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe for the acquisition by the federal government of 104,492 acres of land of the Tribe and member landowners for the Oahe Dam and Reservoir project. Defines member landowner as a member of the Tribe (or an heir of such a member) that owned land on the Cheyenne River Sioux Reservation that was acquired by the United States for the Oahe Dam and Reservoir Project.

Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to deposit into the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribal Recovery Trust Fund an amount equal to 25% of the amount deposited into the Treasury from the power program during the preceding fiscal year for the period between October 1, 2004, and the last date of the fiscal year during which the total amount deposited into the Treasury from the power program equals a specified amount.

Authorizes the plan prepared for the use of payments to the Tribe to provide for payment of additional compensation to member landowners.

Requires the Secretary of the Interior to assist the Tribe in claims processing by providing any record requested to identify the heirs of member landowners within 60 days after receiving a request.
Wellness and Prevention Act of 2007 - Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services to pay up to a specified amount of the medical education loans incurred by any physician who receives board certification in preventive medicine from FY2008-FY2012.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide for a wellness program tax credit for employers that develop and implement a program that: (1) conducts health risk assessments for each program participant; (2) offers annually at least two preventive health screenings; (3) offers annual counseling sessions on at least three preventive health topics; and (4) includes as participants not less than 50% of full-time employees. Provides a tax credit for qualified employees that participate in their employer's qualified wellness program.
.  Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2015 (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Clayton Act with respect to notice to a state by the Department of Justice (DOJ) about federal actions brought for violations of antitrust laws. Currently DOJ must:  notify a state attorney general about an antitrust action regarding which DOJ has reason to believe that the state attorney general would also be entitled to bring an action based substantially on the same alleged violation of the antitrust laws; and  upon request make available to the state attorney general, to the extent permitted by law, any investigative files or other materials which are or may be relevant or material to the actual or potential cause of action.  The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) shall exercise the same authority and procedures as DOJ under the Clayton Act if the FTC has brought an action under Section 7 of the same Act with respect to the prohibition against acquisition by one corporation of the stock of another (merger) that may substantially lessen competition or tend to create a monopoly. Also in cases brought by the FTC that result in final judgments against a defendant, those judgments shall be prima facie evidence of antitrust violations under substantially similar facts in actions brought by other parties. The statute of limitations shall be tolled during a proceeding brought by the FTC under Section 7, and for one year thereafter, for any private and state rights of action based on the conduct in question during the proceeding. The FTC shall enforce compliance with section 7 in the same manner as DOJ in acting to prevent or restrain antitrust violations. The FTC shall enforce a consent order, however, in the same manner it does already. (Sec. 3) The Federal Trade Commission Act (FTCA) is amended to exclude proposed mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, or similar transactions from ordinary FTC proceedings, except in cases where the FTC approves an agreement with the parties to the transaction that contains a consent order. U.S. district courts shall have jurisdiction to issue writs of mandamus commanding compliance with the FTCA or any FTC order, if the FTC applies to such courts with respect to any activity related to consummation of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or similar transaction that may result in an unfair method of competition.
Keep America Healthy Act of 2001 - Amends title XIX (Medicaid) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to make a new optional Medicaid eligibility group for individuals between ages 21 and 65 whose family income does not exceed a State-specified percentage up to 200 percent of the applicable poverty line. Authorizes the State also to require the individual's resources not to exceed whatever level the State may establish, so long as it is not more restrictive than the requirements of the Supplemental Security Income program under SSA title XVI (Supplemental Security Income). Provides for the application to such new group of the enhanced Federal medical assistance percentage described under SSA title XXI (State Children's Health Insurance Program).Amends SSA title XI to provide for an increase in the Medicaid payment limit for territories to accommodate expanded coverage for residents of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands.
Infant Crib Safety Act - Makes it unlawful for any commercial user to: (1) manufacture, sell, or contract to sell any full-size or nonfull-size crib which is unsafe for any infant; or (2) sell, contract to sell or resell, lease, sublet, or otherwise place in the stream of commerce any such crib which is not new and is unsafe for any infant. Makes it unlawful for any lodging facility to offer or provide such an unsafe crib. Presumes as unsafe a crib which does not conform to specified standards in the Code of Federal Regulations and the American Society for Testing Materials Voluntary Standards, unless labeled as dangerous for an infant and not intended to be used for one.Authorizes a fine and injunction against violators of this Act.
National Baseball Hall of Fame Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue not more than 50,000 $5 gold coins, 400,000 $1 silver coins, and 750,000 half-dollar coins in recognition of the National Baseball Hall of Fame during the one-year period beginning on January 1, 2014.

Directs the Secretary to: (1) hold a competition to determine the design of the common obverse of the coins, with such design being emblematic of the game of baseball; and (2) determine compensation for the winning design, which shall be not less than $5,000 and which shall be taken into account when determining the sale price. Requires the design on the common reverse side to depict a baseball similar to those used by Major League Baseball.

Requires all sales of such coins to include specified surcharges, which shall be paid by the Secretary to the National Baseball Hall of Fame to help finance its operations after the total cost of designing and issuing the coins is recovered by the Treasury.

Directs the Secretary to ensure that minting and issuing coins under this Act will not result in any net cost to the U.S. government.
Commission on the Advancement of Women in the Science and Engineering Work Forces Act - Establishes the Commission on the Advancement of Women in the Science and Engineering Work Forces. Authorizes appropriations. 
Terminates the Commission one year after submission of a report required by this Act.
Health Care Paperwork Reduction and Fraud Prevention Act of 2001 - Establishes the Commission on Billing Codes and Forms Simplification which shall make recommendations regarding: (1) standardized forms; and (2) reduction in billing codes; and (3) regulatory and appeals process reform.Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a process under which a physician may request, in writing from a carrier, assistance in addressing questionable codes and procedures under the medicare program.Sets forth provisions concerning: (1) policy development regarding evaluation and management guidelines under Medicare; and (2) Medicare overpayments.
Product Safety Notification and Recall Effectiveness Act of 2002 - Directs the Consumer Product Safety Commission to promulgate a rule requiring the manufacturer of specified juvenile products and small household appliances to establish and maintain a product recall notification system for consumers.Requires such system to create a database for the sole purpose of notifying such consumers of product recalls through the use of product safety owner cards (or an alternative method).
Home Buyer Tax Credit Act of 2009 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to replace the current tax credit for first-time homebuyers with a one-time credit for 10% of the purchase price of a principal residence, up to $15,000. Requires the repayment of such credit if the taxpayer sells or fails to occupy the residence within 24 months after the date of purchase.

Rescinds certain discretionary appropriations made available by division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 to cover the cost of this Act.
John R. Justice Prosecutors and Defenders Incentive Act of 2007- Amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to direct the Attorney General to assume the obligation to repay student loans for borrowers who agree to remain employed, for at least three years, as: (1) state or local criminal prosecutors; or (2) state, local, or federal public defenders in criminal cases. Allows a borrower and the Attorney General to enter into an additional loan repayment agreement, after the required three-year period, for a successive period of service which may be less than three years. Limits the amount paid under such program on behalf of any borrower to $10,000 per calendar year and $60,000 total.
Beaches Environmental Assessment, Closure, and Health Act of 1993 - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to direct the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to issue water quality criteria for pathogens in coastal recreation waters.  Requires States to adopt consistent water quality standards. 
Requires the Administrator to publish regulations specifying methods to be used by States to monitor coastal recreation waters, during periods of use by the public, for compliance with standards.  Requires notification of local governments and the public of water quality standards violations. 
Requires the Administrator to:  (1) issue guidance on uniform assessment and monitoring procedures for floatable materials in coastal recreation waters; and (2) specify the conditions under which the presence of floatable material constitutes a threat to public health and safety. 
Requires an ongoing study and report to the Congress on developing better indicators for detecting harmful bacteria and viruses in coastal recreation waters. 
Requires State coastal zone management agencies to provide technical assistance to local governments to ensure that coastal recreation waters and beaches are as free as possible from floatable materials. 
Amends the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 to authorize grants to eligible coastal States for the reduction of floatable materials in coastal recreation waters. 
Authorizes the Administrator to make grants to States to fulfill requirements under this Act. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Social Security and Medicare Lock-Box Act - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) (OASDI) of the Social Security Act to establish in the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund a Social Security Surplus Protection Account to hold the Social Security surplus for the fiscal year of the sum of Social Security taxes collected, as well as the aggregate increase in certain tax liabilities, over the sum of benefits paid. Establishes in the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund a Medicare Surplus Protection Account to hold amounts equivalent to the Medicare part A surplus for the fiscal year of the sum of hospital insurance taxes collected over the sum of Medicare part A benefits paid. Denies the availability of the balance in either Account for investment by the Managing Trustee. Establishes in the executive branch a Social Security and Medicare Part A Investment Commission to study the most effective vehicles for investment of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund (other than investment in the form of U.S. obligations resulting in the transfer of Trust Fund assets to the general fund of the Treasury).
Rural Housing Tax Credit Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a nonrefundable tax credit (the lesser of ten percent of the purchase price or $5,000) for the purchase of a principal residence in a rural area by a first-time homebuyer. Limits the amount of such credit based on taxpayer modified adjusted gross income.

Requires the recapture of credit amounts if a taxpayer fails to use a residence for which a tax credit is allowed as a principal residence or sells such residence within five years of purchase.
Pulmonary Hypertension Research Act of 2003 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Director of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute to expand, intensify, and coordinate the activities of the Institute with respect to research on pulmonary hypertension and to coordinate the Director's activities with related activities of other national research institutes and National Institutes of Health agencies. Requires the Director to make grants to, or enter into contracts with, public or nonprofit private entities for the development and operation of centers to conduct research and programs on pulmonary hypertension, including: (1) basic and clinical research into the cause, diagnosis, early detection, prevention, control, and treatment of the disease; (2) training programs for scientists and health professionals; (3) programs to provide information and continuing education to health professionals; and (4) programs for the dissemination of information to the public. Requires the Director to establish: (1) a data system for the collection, storage, analysis, retrieval, and dissemination of data derived from patient populations with pulmonary hypertension; and (2) an information clearinghouse to facilitate and enhance knowledge and understanding of pulmonary hypertension by health professionals, patients, industry, and the public.
Next Generation Hispanic-Serving Institutions Act - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to revise requirements for Hispanic-serving institutions (HSIs) under title V (Developing Institutions).

Establishes a program of competitive grants to eligible HSIs that offer postbaccalaureate certifications or degrees (part B grants). Limits a part B grant award's duration to not more than five years. Prohibits the Secretary of Education from awarding more than one part B grant to an HSI in any one fiscal year.

Authorizes appropriations for: (1) the current part A program of grants to HSIs that offer baccalaureate degrees or are junior or community colleges; and (2) the new part B program of grants to HSIs that offer postbaccalaureate certifications or degrees.
Kate Mullany National Historic Site Act - (Sec. 4) Establishes the Kate Mullany National Historic Site in Troy, New York.(Sec. 5) Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to acquire lands within the Site's boundaries, and ancillary real property for parking or interpretation, as necessary and appropriate for management of the Site, and personal property associated with and appropriate for interpretation of the Site, by donation, purchase from wiling sellers, or exchange.(Sec. 6) Requires the Secretary to administer the Site in accordance with this Act and all laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System. Allows the Secretary to consult and enter into cooperative agreements with New York State, the Hudson-Mohawk Urban Cultural Park Commission, and other public and private entities to facilitate public understanding and enjoyment of the life and work of Kate Mullany through exhibits and other appropriate activities. Permits the Secretary to accept and display items associated with Mullany for interpretation.Requires the Secretary to develop and submit to specified congressional committees a general management plan for the Site, including recommendations for regional wayside exhibits, to be carried out through cooperative agreements with New York State and other public and private entities.
United States Ports of Entry Threat and Operational Review Act This bill directs U.S. Customs and Border Protection to submit to the congressional homeland security and tax committees a threat and operational analysis of U.S. air, land, and sea ports of entry.
Ethanol Reform and Deficit Reduction Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1)link the amount of the volumetric ethanol excise tax credit (VEETC) for calendar quarters beginning after June 30, 2011, to the average price of crude oil in a calendar quarter, (2) modify the rates of the income tax credit for alcohol used as fuel and extend such credit through 2014, (3) extend the alternative fuel refueling property tax credit and the special depreciation allowance for cellulosic biofuel plant property, and (4) make permanent the cellulosic biofuel producer tax credit.

Modifies the definition of "cellulosic biofuel" for purposes of the cellulosic biofuel producer tax credit and the special depreciation allowance to mean any liquid fuel that is derived solely by or from qualified feedstocks. Defines "qualified feedstocks" as any lignocellulosic or hemicellulosic matter that is available on a renewable or recurring basis and any cultivated algae, cyanobacteria, or lemna.
Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture (USDA) to implement a process to provide eligible organizations and individuals expedited access to federal lands to conduct good Samaritan search-and-recovery missions.  Requires such process to include provisions that clarify that: (1) an eligible organization or eligible individual granted access shall be acting for private purposes and shall not be considered a federal volunteer, (2) an eligible organization or eligible individual shall not be considered a volunteer under the Volunteers in the Parks Act of 1969, and (3) neither the Federal Torts Claim Act nor the Federal Employee Compensation Act shall apply to an eligible organization or eligible individual.  Bars the Secretaries from requiring an eligible organization or eligible individual to have liability insurance as a condition of accessing federal lands under this Act if it: (1) acknowledges and consents, in writing, to these clarifying provisions; and (2) signs a waiver releasing the federal government from all liability related to the access granted. Sets forth procedures for the approval or denial of requests made by eligible organizations or individuals to carry out a good Samaritan search-and-recovery mission.  Requires the Secretaries to develop search-and-recovery focused partnerships with search-and-recovery organizations to: (1) coordinate good Samaritan search-and-recovery missions on such lands,   and (2) expedite and accelerate mission efforts for missing individuals on such lands.  Requires the Secretaries to submit a joint report to Congress that describes: (1) their plans for developing such partnerships, and (2) the efforts being taken to expedite and accelerate such mission efforts. 
Sets forth requirements for loan repayment and interest rate. Exempts a State entity or local government from such repayment and interest rate accrual prior to January 1, 2006, unless the amount appropriated to carry out assistance for education of all children with disabilities under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act for any fiscal year before FY 2006 is sufficient to fully fund such assistance for the fiscal year at the originally promised level, which promised level would provide to each State 40 percent of the average per-pupil expenditure for providing special education and related services for each child with a disability in the State.
Directs the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Education to: (1) ensure that funds provided under this Act are properly distributed, and are used to pay the interest on qualified school construction bonds or costs of school construction, rehabilitation, repair, or related land acquisition; and (2) notify each State of the amount of funds it may receive for loans and other support under this Act. Provides that the Secretaries shall not have authority to approve or disapprove school construction plans assisted pursuant to this Act, except to ensure that funds made available under this Act are used only to supplement, and not supplant, the amount of school construction, rehabilitation, and repair, and related land acquisition in the State that would have occurred in the absence of such funds.
Jackson Multi-Agency Campus Act of 1999 - Provides for the exchange of certain federally owned land in Wyoming by the Secretary of Agriculture to: (1) the Game and Fish Commission of Wyoming for certain State land to be used for construction of a multi-agency administrative facility (for use by specified Federal, State, and local agencies) for the Bridger-Teton National Forest; and (2) the town of Jackson, Wyoming, for construction of such facility.
Family Abduction Prevention Act of 2006 - Directs the Attorney General to make grants to states for projects involving: (1) the extradition of individuals suspected of committing a family abduction; (2) the investigation by state and local law enforcement agencies of family abduction cases; (3) the training of such law enforcement agencies in responding to family abductions and recovering abducted children; (4) outreach and media campaigns to educate parents on the dangers of family abductions; and (5) the flagging (i.e., notifying law enforcement authorities of the name and address of any person requesting the school records of an abducted child) of school records.

Defines "family abduction" as the taking, keeping, or concealing of a child by a parent or other family member to prevent another individual from exercising lawful custody or visitation rights.

Requires that not less than 50% of the cost of a project for which a grant is made under this Act be provided by non-federal sources.

Authorizes appropriations for FY2008-FY2010.
Directs the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to investigate, and report to the Congress on, whether pollution and health hazards in the United States have worsened since January 1, 1994, to the extent that may be attributable to NAFTA, and specifically in and around the U.S.-Mexico and the U.S.-Canada borders.
Directs the President to certify annually to Congress whether or not each NAFTA country is meeting certain commitments made with respect to: (1) environmental protection in the North American Agreement on Environmental Cooperation; and (2) workers' rights in the North American Agreement on Labor Cooperation.
Broadband Antitrust Restoration and Reform Act - Amends the Clayton Act to prohibit a Bell operating company (BOC) or an affiliate thereof from providing interLATA service in any of its in-region States under the authority of any amendment to the Communications Act of 1934 enacted after June 13, 2001: (1) unless it files with the Attorney General an application to provide such service; and (2) until the Attorney General either approves or fails to act on such application within 90 days.Authorizes the Attorney General to issue rules to establish requirements applicable to the form and contents of applications, and to make recommendations regarding withdrawal of applications or the filing of an application subsequent to withdrawal.Prohibits the Attorney General from approving an application upon determining that the applicant: (1) has monopoly power in the local exchange market; and (2) is using or is likely to use its monopoly power in order to engage in exclusionary or other anti-competitive conduct. Authorizes the Attorney General, upon making such determination, to reinstate with respect to such applicant any Federal regulation in effect as of June 13, 2001, which the Attorney General determines was designed to protect against exclusionary conduct or other abusive monopoly power.
Children's Hospitals Education and Research Act of 1998 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make payment as specified to each children's hospital for each hospital cost reporting period beginning during FY 1999 or 2000 for the direct and indirect expenses associated with operating approved medical residency training programs.  States that such payments are in lieu of certain Medicare payments to hospitals for inpatient hospital services, but shall not affect the amounts otherwise payable to such hospitals under a State Medicaid plan.  Makes appropriations for such payments for such fiscal years.
Native American Education Opportunity Act This bill amends the Education Amendments of 1978 to require the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) to reimburse states for&nbsp;grants made to education savings accounts for eligible students who: (1)&nbsp;attended or will be eligible to attend a BIA-funded school, (2) live on the reservation of a tribe, (3) will not be attending a BIA-funded school or other public elementary or secondary school for the applicable school year, and (4) meet applicable eligibility requirements. From education savings accounts, parents may purchase goods and services related to students' educational needs.
Truth in Lending Act Amendments of 1995 - Amends the Truth in Lending Act (TILA) to exclude from the determination of finance charge for any consumer credit transaction fees imposed by third party closing agents, including settlement agents, attorneys, escrow and title companies, that are neither required nor retained by the creditor (thereby exempting such fees from TILA disclosure requirements). 
Modifies the determination of finance charge to include borrower-paid mortgage broker fees. 
Exempts from the required computation of finance charge:  (1) certain taxes on security instruments or evidences of indebtedness if they are a prerequisite for recordation; (2) fees for loan document preparation; and (3) appraisal fees related to pest infestations and flood hazard inspections. 
Instructs the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to report to the Congress on statutory or regulatory changes necessary to:  (1) ensure that finance charges more accurately reflect the cost of credit; and (2) address abusive refinancing practices intended to avoid rescission. 
(Sec.3) Permits finance charge disclosures to vary within specified accuracy tolerance limits for certain consumer credit transactions secured by real property or a dwelling. 
Sets disclosure accuracy guidelines for per diem interest rate disclosures on consumer credit transactions. 
(Sec. 4) Shields a creditor or assignee, except in certain kinds of actions, from liability in connection with disclosures of:  (1) certain fees, taxes, and charges; and (2) finance charges that fall within certain statutory tolerance limits. 
(Sec. 5) Restricts rescission liability arising from the form of written notice used by the creditor. 
(Sec. 6) Provides for damages ranging from $200 to $2,000 for an individual consumer credit transaction not under an open end credit plan that is secured by real property or a dwelling. 
(Sec. 7) Modifies assignee liability guidelines to:  (1) apply them to consumer credit transactions secured by real property; and (2) provide that a violation is apparent on the face of the disclosure statement if the disclosure does not use the format required by law. 
States that the servicer of a consumer obligation arising from a consumer credit transaction shall not be treated as an assignee of an obligation unless the servicer owns it. 
(Sec. 8) Identifies circumstances under which a consumer has a right to rescind a consumer credit transaction after the initiation of any judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure process on the consumer's primary dwelling securing the debt.
Stop Counterfeiting in Manufactured Goods Act - Modifies Federal criminal code provisions regarding trafficking in counterfeit goods or services to prohibit trafficking in counterfeit marks. Directs the court: (1) upon a determination by a preponderance of the evidence that any articles in a defendant's possession bear or are counterfeit marks, to order the forfeiture and destruction of such articles, regardless of the defendant's criminal culpability; and (2) in imposing sentence, to order a person convicted of, or who pleads guilty or nolo contendre to, a violation to forfeit any property derived from proceeds of, or used in the commission of, the violation.

Modifies the definition of "counterfeit mark" to include a spurious mark that is applied to, or consists of, a label, patch or medallion.

 Authorizes the court, in determining whether a particular mark is a "famous mark," to consider information, data, testimony, and documentation regarding specified factors, such as the degree of inherent or acquired distinctiveness and the degree of general public recognition of the mark, and the record of successful criminal, civil, or administrative enforcement of rights in the mark. Places upon the United States the burden of proof and persuasion regarding the determination of whether a particular mark is a famous mark.

Prohibits prosecution of a person by virtue of a counterfeit mark that has been lawfully registered and that is valid at the time of the alleged offense.
El Camino Real de los Tejas National Historic Trail Act of 2001 - Amends the National Trails System Act to designate El Camino Real de los Tejas (from near Eagle Pass and Laredo, Texas, to Natchitoches, Louisiana) as a National Historic Trail. Sets forth protections for private property owners, including that privately-owned real property or property interests may be acquired only with the owner's willing consent.
Mailing Support to Troops Act of 2004 - Authorizes free mailing privileges for mail matter sent by a family member from within an area served by a U.S. post office to members of the Armed Forces on active duty in Iraq or Afghanistan, or hospitalized at an Armed Forces facility as a result of such service.
Milk Import Tariff Equity Act - Amends the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to impose tariff-rate quotas (quantitative import limits) and provide various duty rates on certain casein, caseinates, milk protein concentrate, and other casein derivatives and glues imported into the United States (except imports from a country which has entered into a free trade agreement with the United States).

Authorizes the President to: (1) enter into a trade agreement, or enter into negotiations pursuant to an existing trade agreement, with a foreign country to grant new concessions as compensation in order to maintain the general level of reciprocal and mutually advantageous concessions; and (2) proclaim any necessary modification or continuance of any existing duty, or continuance of existing duty-free or excise treatment, or any quantitative limitation. Sets forth certain limits on the reduction of duties on such products.
527 Transparency Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to revise disclosure requirements for tax-exempt political organizations (527 organizations) to require quarterly (instead of semiannual) reporting of contributions and expenditures in non-election years. Imposes a penalty tax on political organizations that fail to meet disclosure requirements. Denies a gift tax exclusion for donations to political organizations that fail to meet disclosure requirements.
Improving No Child Left Behind Act - Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to alter requirements for adequate yearly progress (AYP) assessments of student groups by: (1) lowering, from 95% to 90%, the minimum percentage of students in each group in a school that must take such assessments; (2) allowing the fractional counting of students who are in more than one group, for each such group; (3) allowing states to treat as proficient or advanced specified scores on alternate assessments for disabled students and those not proficient in English; and (4) allowing states to use alternative methods of defining AYP.

Revises criteria for local educational agency identification of schools needing improvement. Declares that only those meet such criteria that fail AYP standards, for two consecutive school years (as under current law), in the same subject for the same group of students.

Revises eligibility criteria for school transfers after a school is identified as needing improvement. Declares that only failing students in the failing group, instead of all students in such a school, may transfer. Allows such schools to provide students with supplemental services rather than transfers during that school year.
Makes it a condition for receipt of such a grant that the national adoption organization involved agree to make reasonable efforts to ensure that the eligible health centers with respect to which training under the grant is provided include centers that: (1) receive grants relating to voluntary family planning projects; (2) receive grants relating to community health centers, migrant health centers, and centers regarding homeless individuals and residents of public housing; (3) receive grants for the provision of services in schools; and (4) do not perform or make referrals for abortions, or provide or make referrals for counseling that presents abortion as an option.
Directs the Secretary to require programs providing voluntary family planning services with such a grant to provide nondirective counseling and referrals regarding prenatal care and delivery, infant care, foster care, and adoption.
Makes religious organizations eligible for such grants without discrimination and mandates their independence from Federal, State, and local governments, providing certain safeguards to ensure such independence.
Provides the beneficiaries of assistance from religious organizations with certain rights, including the right not to be discriminated against by the religious organization.
Authorizes appropriations.
Oregon Caves Revitalization Act of 2011 - Redesignates the Oregon Caves National Monument as the Oregon Caves National Monument and Preserve.

Directs the Secretary of Agriculture (USDA) to transfer certain land identified as proposed addition lands to the Secretary of the Interior (the Secretary) and adjust the boundary of the Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest to exclude such lands transferred by the Secretary.

 Directs the Secretaries to accept the donation of a grazing lease or permit from a lessee or permittee for the Big Grayback Grazing Allotment located in the Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest or the Billy Mountain Grazing Allotment located on a parcel of BLM-managed land.

 Amends the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate the subterranean segment of the Cave Creek in Oregon known as the River Styx as a component of the national wild and scenic rivers system and certain additional segments of the Monument and Preserve for study for potential addition to the system.
Requires the Secretary to issue a management plan for the Refuge which includes provisions for: (1) the planning and design of trails and access points; (2) the planning of wildlife and habitat restoration, including reforestation; (3) permanent exhibits and facilities and regular educational programs throughout the Refuge; and (4) ensuring that hunting, fishing, wildlife observation and photography and environmental education and interpretation are priority general public uses. Requires that the Secretary: (1) provide an opportunity for public participation in developing such plan; and (2) give special consideration to views by local public and private entities and individuals.
Directs the Secretary to construct, administer, and maintain within the Refuge, a wildlife interpretation and education center to promote environmental education and to provide an opportunity for the study and enjoyment of wildlife in its natural habitat.
Requires the Secretary to provide to the Red River Waterway Commission: (1) technical assistance in monitoring water quality, noxious plants, and exotic organisms and in preventing siltation of prime fisheries habitat; and (2) fish for stocking.
Authorizes appropriations.
Good Government Contractor Act of 2007 - Repeals provisions of the Tax Increase Prevention and Reconciliation Act of 2005 requiring government agencies to withhold 3% of payments due contractors providing goods and services to such agencies.

Requires the Civilian Agency Acquisition Council and the Defense Acquisition Regulations Council to (1) amend the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) to require prospective contractors to be free of any tax debt, to require contracting officers to access the national federal tax lien registry and the federal tax conviction database established by this Act in making a determination of responsibility with respect to any prospective contractor, and to establish as cause for contractor debarment and suspension the making of false statements regarding federal tax information; and (2) make final the proposed rule FAR Case 2006-011 (Representations and Certifications - Tax Delinquency).

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) direct the Secretary of the Treasury to establish and maintain a federal tax lien registry, in lieu of filing tax liens in local jurisdictions, which would be accessible to and searchable by the public through the Internet at no cost; (2) establish the priority of a federal tax lien based upon the date and time of the filing of a notice of lien in the federal tax lien registry; and (3) reduce the period for releasing satisfied or unenforceable tax liens from 30 to 10 days.

Requires the Attorney General to establish and maintain a database of individuals and entities with convictions for federal tax offenses.
Bonuses for Cost-Cutters Act of 2017 This bill temporarily expands the awards program for cost-saving identifications&nbsp;by federal employees of fraud, waste, or mismanagement to include identifications of surplus salaries-and-expenses funds. Savings resulting from such&nbsp;identifications shall generally be used for deficit reduction,&nbsp;but agencies may&nbsp;retain up to 10% of such savings for the purpose of paying cash awards to employees for making the identifications.
Salt Cedar and Russian Olive Control Demonstration Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior (the Secretary), acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation and in cooperation with the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Defense, to carry out a salt cedar (Tamarix spp) and Russian olive (Elaeagnus angustifolia) assessment and demonstration program to: (1) assess the extent of the infestation by salt cedar and Russian olive trees in the western United States; (2) demonstrate strategic solutions for the long-term management of such trees and the reestablishment of native vegetation; and (3) assess economic means to dispose of biomass created as a result of removal of those trees.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) complete an assessment of the extent of the infestation on public and private land; (2) identify and document long-term management and funding strategies that could be implemented by Federal, State, and private land managers in addressing the infestation and that should be tested as components of specified demonstration projects; and (3) establish a program that selects and funds at least five projects proposed by and implemented in collaboration with Federal agencies, State and local governments, national laboratories, Indian tribes, institutions of higher education, individuals, organizations, or soil and water conservation districts to demonstrate and evaluate the most effective methods of controlling salt cedar and Russian olive trees.

Directs the Secretary, in cooperation with the Secretary of Agriculture, to complete an analysis of economic means to use or dispose of biomass created as a result of removal of salt cedar and Russian olive trees.

Sets forth requirements regarding cost limitations and cost-sharing. Requires the Secretary to: (1) subject to independent review the assessment, identification and documentation of long-term management strategies, demonstration projects, and analysis; and (2) report annually to Congress. Authorizes appropriations for FY 2006 and beyond.
Genetically Engineered Food Right-to-Know Act This bill amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prohibit the sale of food that has been genetically engineered or contains genetically engineered ingredients, unless that information is clearly disclosed. This prohibition does not apply to: (1) food served in restaurants, (2) medical food, (3) packaged food that is less than 0.9% genetically engineered material, and (4) food that qualifies as genetically engineered solely because it is produced using a genetically engineered vaccine or because it includes the use of a genetically engineered processing aid (including yeast) or enzyme.  Labeling or advertising foods containing genetically engineered material as &ldquo;natural,&rdquo; or using similar words, is prohibited. A food recipient is not subject to penalties for misbranding of genetically engineered food or ingredients if the recipient has a guaranty that is signed by the person from whom they received the food (including seeds) and the guaranty states that the food is not genetically engineered or does not contain a genetically engineered ingredient. Food is deemed to have been produced without the knowing or intentional use of genetic engineering if: (1) the food is certified as organic; or (2) an independent organization determines the food has not been knowingly or intentionally genetically engineered or commingled with genetically engineered food, with that determination being based on testing that is consistent with international standards and not reliant on processed foods with no detectable DNA. An agricultural producer is not subject to penalties for misbranding of genetically engineered food or ingredients if a violation occurs because food unintentionally becomes contaminated with genetically engineered material and the contamination is not due to the producer&rsquo;s negligence.
Amends the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 to authorize the FFEMA Director to make grants on a competitive basis for protecting the health and safety of the public and firefighting personnel against fire and fire-related hazards. Requires: (1) ten percent non-Federal matching funds; (2) each grantee to report to the Director on grant uses; and (3) grants to be made to a variety of recipients, including paid and volunteer firefighters and urban, suburban,  and rural fire departments.
Authorizes appropriations.
End Big Oil Tax Subsidies Act of 2010 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to require seven-year amortization of the geological and geophysical expenditures of covered large oil companies. Defines "covered large oil company" as a taxpayer which is a major integrated oil company or which has gross receipts in excess of $50 million in a taxable year.

Denies certain tax benefits to any taxpayer that is not a small, independent oil and gas company, including: (1) the tax credits for producing oil and gas from marginal wells and for enhanced oil recovery; (2) expensing of intangible drilling and development costs in the case of gas wells and geothermal wells; (3) percentage depletion; (4) the tax deduction for qualified tertiary injectant expenses; (5) the exemption from limitations on passive activity losses; and (6) the tax deduction for income attributable to domestic production activities.

Prohibits the use of the last-in, first-out (LIFO) accounting method by major integrated oil companies.

Denies the election to expense the cost of refinery property which is used to process liquid fuel from tar sands, shale, or coal (including lignite).
False Claims Amendments Act of 1993 - Amends the False Claims Act with respect to:  (1) dismissal of qui tam actions at Government motion in specified circumstances where all material allegations derive from an open and active Federal fraud investigation or the person bringing the action based on information learned in the course of Government employment failed to take certain administrative steps; (2) waiver by private parties of the Government's rights to recover damages under such Act as part of any court approved settlement of a potential qui tam suit; (3) whistleblower protection; (4) the definition of "person" under such Act; (5) the Act's statute of limitations; and (6) the authority under such Act to issue civil investigative demands. 
Requires periodic reports by the Department of Justice to specified congressional committees on cases which the Department has moved to dismiss.
Great Lakes Water Protection Act  This bill amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (commonly known as the Clean Water Act) to prohibit a publicly owned treatment works (POTW) from discharging untreated or partially treated sewage into the Great Lakes or a tributary of the Great Lakes when the discharge is the result of the POTW intentionally diverting waste streams to bypass any portion of a treatment facility. A bypass is allowed if: (1) it is unavoidable to prevent loss of life, personal injury, or severe property damage, there is no feasible alternative, and the treatment works provides notice; or (2) it does not cause effluent (waste) limitations to be exceeded and is for essential maintenance to ensure efficient operation of the treatment facility.  The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) must work with relevant states to create requirements for providing immediate notice to the public about discharges. The EPA must establish procedures to ensure that permits issued to POTWs under the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System include requirements to comply with this bill.  This bill establishes a maximum civil penalty of $100,000 per day for violations of the bill occurring on or after January 1, 2035. The penalties must be deposited into the Great Lakes Cleanup Fund, which is established by this bill. The Fund must be used for improving wastewater discharges.
Small Business Protection Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow certain small business owners a tax deduction for cash contributions to a Small Business Protection Account. Limits the amount of such deduction to 50 percent of a taxpayer's net profits.

Directs the Small Business Administration, through the Small Business Development Center Program, to assist small businesses in establishing and operating Small Business Protection Accounts.
Montgomery GI Bill Enhancement of 2007 - Authorizes certain members of the Armed Forces to make an irrevocable election during the one-year period beginning on enactment of this Act to become entitled to basic educational assistance under the Montgomery GI Bill.

Requires a reduction in basic pay of those members electing such educational assistance or, if the member is discharged or released from active duty prior to such reduction, the collection of specified amounts from the member or an equivalent reduction in retired or retainer pay.

Provides for notice of the opportunity created by this Act to elect educational assistance under the Montgomery GI Bill.
Amends Federal transportation law to repeal specified authorities with respect to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation (Amtrak), eliminating intercity rail passenger transportation (while retaining Amtrak commuter services). 
Repeals a provision which provides for the judicial review of the discontinuance of a route, a train, or transportation, or the reduction in the frequency of transportation by Amtrak. 
Authorizes appropriations in decreasing amounts over four fiscal years. 
Repeals specified laws that apply to Amtrak operations, abolishing the Board of Directors. 
Declares that the United States relinquishes all rights held in any stock, note of indebtedness, or mortgage issued by or entered into with Amtrak. 
Repeals:  (1) certain provisions which require Amtrak to make an agreement to avoid duplicating employee functions; (2) all authority for operation of the Amtrak route system; and (3) all authority for the Northeast Corridor improvement program. 
Prohibits a rail carrier employee whose employment is terminated as a result of a discontinuance of intercity rail passenger service from receiving any wage continuation or severance benefit in excess of six months pay.  Authorizes a rail carrier to require an employee whose position is eliminated as a result of such discontinuance to transfer to any vacant position for which he or she can be made qualified on any part of the rail carrier's system. 
(Sec. 8) Amends the Federal Employers' Liability Act (or Employers' Liability Act) to declare that it shall not apply to common carriers to the extent they provide rail passenger transportation.
Environmental Policy and Conflict Resolution Act of 1997 - Amends the Morris K. Udall Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental and Native American Public Policy Act of 1992 to include in the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. Udall Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation the chairperson of the President's Council on Environmental Quality. 
Revises the purposes and authority of the Foundation to include establishment of the United States Institute for Environmental Conflict Resolution to assist the Government in implementing environmental assessment provisions of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. 
Establishes in the Treasury a United States Institute for Environmental Conflict Resolution Revolving Fund, for establishment and operation of the Institute, to be administered by the Foundation. 
Establishes procedures for use by a Federal agency of the Foundation and the Institute to provide assessment, mediation, or related services in connection with a dispute or conflict related to the environment, public lands, or natural resources. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Public Transportation Systems Vulnerability Assessment and Reduction Act of 2003 - Directs the Secretary of Homeland Security (Secretary) to: (1) review all government assessments conducted after September 11, 2001, of terrorist-related threats to all forms of public transportation, including related public gathering areas; (2) conduct, as necessary, additional assessments of vulnerabilities associated with any public transportation system; and (3) determine the percentage of frontline transit employees who have received training in emergency preparedness and response activities.Authorizes the Secretary to make grants to eligible transportation agencies for the training of frontline transit employees in emergency preparedness and response activities and the acquisition of approved equipment and technologies to assist in carrying out such training and activities. Allocates grant amounts among eligible transportation agencies based on their needs for emergency preparedness and response training and equipment, requiring not less than ten percent of such amounts to eligible transportation agencies in non-urban areas.
Iran Missile Proliferation Sanctions Act of 1997 - Directs the President to report periodically to specified congressional committees on foreign persons (except those previously identified or sanctioned or subject to waiver) who, on or after August 8, 1995, have transferred, or attempted to transfer, controlled goods or technology, or provided, or attempted to provide, technical assistance or facilities that contributed, or would have contributed, to Iran's efforts to acquire, develop, or produce ballistic missiles. 
Requires imposition on such persons of minimum two-year sanctions prohibiting:  (1) sales to such persons of items on the United States Munitions List (and terminating sales of any controlled U.S. arms); (2) the export to such persons of dual use goods and technology; and (3) the provision of U.S. financial assistance.  Authorizes the President to waive such sanctions on the basis of additional information demonstrating that the sanctioned person did not commit the acts alleged.
Federal Agency Customer Experience Act of 2017 This bill exempts an agency's authority to collect information that is voluntary feedback from the federal information resources management activities authority of the the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under the Paperwork Reduction Act. &quot;Voluntary feedback&quot; is defined as any submission of information, opinion, or concern that is: (1) voluntarily made by a specific individual or entity relating to a particular service of or transaction with an agency, and (2) specifically solicited by that agency. Each agency that solicits voluntary feedback shall ensure that:   responses to the solicitation remain anonymous,  individuals who decline to participate shall not be treated differently by the agency for purposes of providing services or information,  the voluntary nature of the solicitation is clear, and   the proposed solicitation of voluntary feedback will contribute to improved customer service.  Each agency shall: (1) collect voluntary feedback with respect to its services and transactions, (2) annually publish such feedback on its website and report on such feedback to OMB, and (3) publish aggregated reports on the solicitation of such feedback.  OMB shall: (1) develop a set of standardized questions for use by agencies in collecting such feedback on service satisfaction, timeliness, and professionalism; and (2) include and maintain on a publicly available website links to the information provided on the agency websites. The Government Accountability Office shall make publicly available and submit to Congress a scorecard report assessing the quality of services provided to the public by each agency.
Citizen Legislature and Political Freedom Act - Amends the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (FECA) to terminate limitations on Federal election campaign contributions after 2004.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to terminate after December 31, 2003, the designation of income tax payments to the Presidential Election Campaign Fund. Terminates the Fund itself and the Presidential Primary Matching Payment Account after December 31, 2004, and transfers any amounts remaining in the Fund to the general fund of the Treasury.

Amends FECA, as amended by the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002, to require any political committee of a State or local political party to file with the Federal Election Commission a copy of any report on disbursements it is required under a State or local law, rule, or regulation to submit to the State or local government.

Revises current deadlines for notification of contributions by a campaign committee. Requires a campaign committee to report within 24 hours all contributions, regardless of amount, made to any political committee within 90 days before an election.

Declares that the "best efforts" exception to noncompliance with FECA shall not apply with respect to information regarding the identification of any contributor of more than $200 in the aggregate during a calendar year (thus requiring strict observance of reporting deadlines for all such contributions).
Community-Based Health Care Retraining Act - Amends the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 to require the Secretary of Labor to establish and carry out a health professions training demonstration project that awards grants to eligible entities to train certain unemployed workers from the manufacturing or service sector for employment as health care professionals in communities with manufacturing and service sector job loss and health care professional shortages.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a taxpayer as credits against income tax: (1) a fuel efficiency vehicle credit equal to 25 percent of the cost of any qualified fuel-efficient vehicle placed in service during the taxable year; and (2) a fuel-efficient vehicle assembly credit equal to $2,000 for every qualified fuel-efficient vehicle manufactured or produced in the United States during such year for first retail sale.

Authorizes the Secretary of Energy to provide loan guarantees of up to $100 million per loan (and up to $1 billion over all) to manufacturers of motor vehicles or of motor vehicle engines for the costs of conversion from the manufacture of motor vehicles or engines achieving less than 40 miles per gallon of gasoline to the manufacture of such products achieving more than 40 miles per gallon



Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) extend permanently the credit for increasing research activities; and (2) increase the alternative incremental credit rates.
NSA Oversight Act - States that provisions of the federal criminal code concerning wire and electronic communications and their interception and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (FISA) are the exclusive means by which domestic electronic surveillance may be conducted until specific statutory authorization for any other such surveillance is enacted.

Requires the President to report to the congressional intelligence committees on the Terrorist Surveillance Program of the National Security Agency (NSA) as well as any other program which involves electronic surveillance of U.S. persons in the United States conducted by a federal department or agency without fully complying with FISA procedures.

Authorizes additional judges for the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (Court).

Extends from 72 to 168 hours the period after initiating an emergency electronic surveillance to apply for a court order authorizing such surveillance.

States that a court order is not required for the acquisition of communications between persons not located within the United States for the purpose of collecting foreign intelligence information, whether the communication passes through, or the surveillance device is located within, the United States.

Authorizes the hiring of additional personnel within the Department of Justice (DOJ), Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), NSA, and the Court.
Anti-Gunrunning Act of 2003 - Amends the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to prohibit any licensed firearms importer, manufacturer, or dealer from selling, delivering, or transferring: (1) two or more handguns to any single person (other than a licensed importer, manufacturer, or dealer) during any 30-day period; or (2) a handgun knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that the transferee has already received one or more handguns within the previous 30 days. Prohibits an unlicensed individual from receiving more than one handgun within any 30-day period. Specifies exceptions.Provides for imprisonment for up to five years (currently, one year) of a licensed dealer, importer, manufacturer, or collector knowingly making any false statement in connection with required firearms records.Requires a licensee, within three days of receiving a request from a prospective transferee, to notify the national instant criminal background check system of any check conducted within the previous 30 days that did not result in the transfer of a handgun.
Salmon Solutions and Planning Act - Directs the Secretary of Commerce to enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences for scientific analysis of federal salmon recovery actions, including the impact that removal of thefour lower Snake River dams would have on recovery of salmon and steelhead populations and any additional actions that may be necessary to achieve recovery of salmon and steelhead populations.

Directs: (1) the Secretary of Transportation (DOT) to conduct a peer-reviewed study of therail, highway, and Columbia River barge infrastructure improvements thatwould be necessary to ensure a cost-effective and efficient transportation system for shippers who currently use barge transportation between Lewiston, Idaho, and the confluence of the Snake and Columbia Rivers and who would be unable to do so if the four lower Snake River dams were removed; (2) the Secretary of Energy (DOE) to conduct a peer-reviewed study of the options to replace the power currently generated by such dams if they were removed; (3) the Army Corps of Engineers to analyze riverfront revitalization and restoration opportunities and costs in the event of such removal; and (4) the Bureau of Reclamation to conduct a peer-reviewed analysis of the options and costs regarding any needed modifications to affected irrigation systems, cooling systems, and private wells if the dams were removed.

Sets forth the congressional determination that the Secretary of the Army may remove the four lower Snake River dams.

Directs the Secretary to reevaluate and update the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers' Final Lower Snake River Juvenile Salmon Migration Feasibility Report/Environmental Impact Statement (February 2002) pursuant to new information.
Cell Tax Fairness Act of 2008 - Prohibits states or local governments from imposing any new discriminatory tax on mobile services, mobile service providers, or mobile service property for five years after the enactment of this Act. Defines "new discriminatory tax" as a tax imposed on mobile services, providers, or property that is not generally imposed on other types of services or property, or that is generally imposed at a lower rate.
Small System Safe Drinking Water Act of 2007 - Amends the Safe Drinking Water Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA): (1) to convene a working group to study barriers to using specified treatments; (2) to develop model guidance to assist states in regulating and promoting such treatment options; and (3) when establishing affordability criteria for variance technology, to consider specified cost factors, to give extra weight to households below the poverty level and to communities that meet state affordability criteria, and to ensure that the criteria are not more costly, on a per-capita basis, to a small public water system than the per capita cost to a large water system of acquiring feasible technology.

 Requires the Administrator or a state, before initiating any enforcement action, to ensure that sufficient funds have been made available to assist each public water system that serves fewer than 10,000 individuals in meeting regulation requirements.

Revises provisions allowing an exemption of a system from maximum containment level and treatment technique requirements to: (1) increase the population threshold; and (2) allow state determinations of a renewal period.

Revises technical assistance provisions to require water systems serving fewer than 10,000 individuals to receive adequate technical assistance and training to meet requirements of final rules. Gives priority to systems not in compliance with specified rules concerning: (1) disinfectants and disinfection byproducts; (2) arsenic and compliance and new source monitoring; and (3) groundwater.

Establishes pilot programs to: (1) explore new technologies or approaches to comply with a drinking water standard; and (2) research technology transfer issues and disinfection strategies relating to drinking water.

Requires the Administrator to establish a panel to study the health effects of exposure to arsenic and disinfection byproducts.
Youth Mental Health Research Act This bill authorizes the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) to establish a Youth Mental Health Research Network for the conduct or support of youth mental health research and intervention services. The NIMH may award cooperative agreements, grants, and contracts to governments and private nonprofit entities for: (1) conducting youth mental health research or training for researchers in youth mental health research techniques; (2) providing youth mental health intervention services; and (3) collaborating with NIMH to build on the scientific findings and clinical techniques of earlier programs, studies, and demonstration projects. A number of these awards must go to entities that agree to: (1) focus primarily on the early detection and intervention of severe mental illness in young people; (2) conduct or coordinate multisite clinical trials for the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of early severe mental illness in a community setting and rapidly disseminate their findings; and (3) adhere to the guidelines, protocols, and practices used in the North American Prodrome Longitudinal Study and the Recovery After an Initial Schizophrenia Episode initiative. The NIMH must establish a data coordinating center to assist awardees and distribute scientific findings generated by awardees.
Requires the Comptroller General to submit a report on each rule reviewed, including an independent evaluation of: (1) the costs and benefits; (2) alternative approaches that could achieve the same goal more cost-effectively or that could provide greater net benefits, and if applicable, a brief explanation of any statutory reasons why such alternatives could not be adopted; (3) the regulatory impact analysis, federalism assessment, or other analysis or assessment prepared by the agency or required for the rule; and (4) the results of the evaluation and the implication of those results, including an evaluation of any changes from the proposed rule made by the agency in the final rule. Requires the Comptroller General to develop procedures for determining the priority and number of requests for review which give the highest priority to requests regarding a notice of proposed rulemaking and to requests regarding an interim final rulemaking.
Authorizes appropriations for FY 2001 through 2003.
Provides that this Act shall not apply to rules published after three years after its effective date.
Government Customer Service Improvement Act of 2013 - Requires the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to develop government-wide standards for customer service delivery, which shall be included in the Federal Government Performance Plan. Requires such standards to include: (1) government-wide goals for continuous service improvements and efforts to modernize service delivery; and (2) government-wide target response times for telephone calls, electronic mail, mail, benefit processing, and payments.  Directs: (1) the Chief Performance Officer for each executive agency to establish customer service standards in accordance with such government-wide standards, which shall be included in Agency Performance Plans; (2) the Performance Improvement Officer for each agency to collect information from customers of the agency regarding the quality of customer service provided; and (3) the Director to include agency achievements in meeting such standards and customer service performance measures in each required update on agency performance. Requires: (1) the Director to establish a two-year Service Improvement Unit Pilot Program to provide assistance to agencies that do not meet such government-wide standards, and (2) the Administrator of General Services (GSA) to provide administrative and other support to implement such Program. Requires the Director of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) to: (1) submit to Congress and the Comptroller General (GAO) and issue publicly every month a report on information submitted by each federal agency regarding its employees who are retiring and pending applications for retirement benefits, (2) establish a timetable for completion of OPM's retirement systems modernization project and a deadline by which all federal payroll processing entities will electronically transmit all personnel data to OPM, and (3) include in each annual budget request a statement on OPM's progress in completing such project and resources needed to implement it.
Medicare Telehealth Enhancement Act of 2005 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act regarding telehealth services (services furnished via a telecommunication system by a physician to an enrolled individual) to: (1) remove current geographic restrictions on the provision of such services; (2) add to the facilities authorized to participate in the telehealth program; and (3) direct the Secretary to encourage and facilitate multistate practitioner licensure across state lines to facilitate the program.

Directs the Secretary to make grants for expanding access to health care services for individuals in rural areas, frontier areas, and urban medically underserved areas through the use of telehealth.

Amends the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize telehealth network and telehealth resource centers grant programs.
Congressional Commission on the Abolition of Modern-Day Slavery Act - Defines "modern-day slavery."

Establishes a congressional Commission on the Abolition of Modern-Day Slavery which shall: (1) study matters relating to modern-day slavery; (2) review programs of relevant governmental agencies; (3) examine efforts by foreign countries and multilateral organizations to combat modern-day slavery; and (4) convene additional experts from nongovernmental organizations as part of the Commission's review.

States that the Commission shall: (1) advise Congress on how the United States could support efforts to eradicate modern-day slavery; (2) provide a comprehensive evaluation of best practices to prevent modern-day slavery, to rescue and rehabilitate its victims, and to prosecute traffickers and increase accountability within countries; (3) examine the economic impact on communities and countries that demonstrate measured success in fighting modern-day slavery; (4) provide a comprehensive evaluation of the effectiveness of U.S. laws prohibiting the importation of goods produced through forced labor or child labor, as well as policies with regard to countries that tolerate modern-day slavery; and (5) increase education and awareness about modern-day slavery.
Directs the Secretary of the Interior to administer the trail.
Directs the Secretary to: (1) encourage volunteer groups to develop and maintain the trail; and (2) consult with affected Federal, State, local governmental, and tribal agencies in its administration. Authorizes the Secretary to coordinate trail activities and programs with the Government of Mexico and Mexican non-governmental organizations and academic institutions.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow purchasers of a single-family principal residence a one-time tax credit for up to $15,000 of the purchase price. Requires such a residence to be purchased after February 29, 2008, and before March 1, 2009, and that it be: (1) a new previously unoccupied residence for which a building permit has been issued and construction began on or before September 1, 2007; (2) an owner-occupied residence with a mortgage indebtedness in default on or before March 1, 2008; or (3) in foreclosure and owned by the mortgagor or the mortgagor's agent.
Comprehensive Comparative Study of Vaccinated and Unvaccinated Populations Act of 2007 - Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) , to conduct a comprehensive study to: (1) compare total health outcomes, including the risk of autism, between vaccinated and unvaccinated U.S. populations; and (2) determine whether vaccines or vaccine components play a role in the development of autism spectrum or other neurological conditions.

Requires the Secretary to seek to include in the study U.S. populations that have traditionally remained unvaccinated for religious or other reasons.
Public Good IRA Rollover Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to permit tax-free distributions from an individual retirement account made directly to a qualified charity.
Indentured Servitude Abolition Act of 2005 - Requires foreign labor contractors (recruiters) and employers to inform foreign workers accurately of specified terms and conditions of their employment at the time they are recruited. Requires such information to be provided in written form in English or, as necessary and reasonable, in the language of the worker being recruited.

Prohibits charging fees to workers for recruitment.

Requires employers to pay such a worker's transportation costs, including subsistence costs during the period of travel: (1) from the place of recruitment to the place of employment; and (2) from the place of employment to the worker's place of permanent residence.

Prohibits discrimination in employment by an employer or a recruiter against an individual because of race, color, creed, sex, national origin, religion, age, or disability.

 Requires employers to notify the Secretary of Labor of the identity of: (1) any recruiter involved in any foreign labor contractor activity for or on behalf of the employer; and (2) any such recruiter whose activities do not comply with this Act. Subjects employers to the civil remedies of this Act for violations committed by such recruiters to the same extent as if the employers had committed the violations.

Prescribes civil and criminal penalties for violations of this Act.
Federal Civilian and Uniformed Services Long-Term Care Insurance Act of 1999 - Amends Federal civil service provisions to establish a program to provide for long-term care insurance for certain Federal employees and annuitants, current and retired members of the uniformed services, and qualified relatives of such individuals. 
Authorizes the Office of Personnel Management (OPM), without regard to statutes requiring competitive bidding, to contract with up to three qualified carriers to provide group long-term care insurance under this Act.  Sets forth contract terms, including a requirement that coverage may not be canceled, except for nonpayment of charges. Provides for five-year, automatically renewable insurance contracts. Describes conditions under which coverage may be terminated.  Sets forth required elements of contracts, including portability of benefits.  Requires OPM to ensure that at least one of the benefits plans is a Governmentwide plan. 
Makes insured individuals responsible for 100 percent of the charges of coverage and allows sponsoring individuals to have amounts withheld from pay for coverage for qualified relatives. 
Provides for an open enrollment period at least annually.
Alaska Federal Lands Management Demonstration Project Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an Alaska Federal Lands Management Demonstration Project under which up to 12 Indian tribes or tribal organizations may contract to perform construction, maintenance, data collection, biological research, and harvest monitoring on conservation system units in Alaska.Requires the Secretary to select no fewer than six eligible, geographically representative tribes or tribal organizations per year to participate in the Project.Specifies eligibility requirements and priority selection criteria.Requires selected tribes and tribal organizations to complete a planning phase before contracting with the Secretary to perform specified services or functions related to conservation and allocation actions by regional Federal subsistence advisory councils.Permits the inclusion in a contract, at the tribe or tribal organization's request, of benefits, privileges, terms, and conditions of agreements entered under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act.Excludes from authorized contracts: (1) revenue-producing visitor services unless agreed to by the Alaska Native corporations most directly affected; and (2) authority to administer, manage, or oversee permits, licenses, or contracts related to sport hunting and fishing guiding activities. Declares that Denali National Park shall not be subject to this Act.Provides for planning grants, as funds permit.Authorizes appropriations.Directs the Secretary to establish a demonstration project with the Koyukuk River Basin Moose Co-Management Team, Inc., for the provision of services at the Koyukuk and Kanuti National Wildlife Refuges.Authorizes the use of intergovernmental personnel actions to assign Federal employees to the contractor while retaining their Federal employment status.
GEAR UP & GO Act - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to revise specified requirements for Gaining Early Awareness and Readiness for Undergraduate Programs (GEAR UP) to facilitate the transition of low-income high school students into postsecondary education.

Authorizes the Secretary of Education to carry out a GEAR UP & GO program to provide low-income high school students participating in GEAR UP partnerships or State programs opportunities for dual/concurrent enrollment in college courses while still enrolled in high school. Provides that students in such program: (1) shall not be required to apply for admission to the institution of higher education; and (2) may receive college credit.
Adult Day Center Enhancement Act This bill requires the Administration on Aging (AOA) to initiate a comprehensive survey of current adult day programs that provide care and support to individuals with neurological diseases or conditions such as multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's disease, or traumatic brain injury. The AOA must identify ongoing successful adult day programs and which of these serve young adults with neurological conditions and develop best practices to guide the establishment of additional successful adult day programs. The AOA must award grants for adult day programs that serve younger people with neurological conditions. An &quot;adult day program&quot; is defined as a program that provides comprehensive care and support services to individuals with neurological conditions and to their family caregivers and that may assist participants in ways that:  maintain or improve their functional abilities or otherwise help them adjust to their changing functional abilities; prevent the onset of complications associated with severe forms of the condition; promote alternatives to placement in nursing homes; reduce the strain on family caregivers of individuals with neurological conditions; focus on supporting the emotional, social, and intellectual needs of a younger adult population; or address the needs of veterans with neurological conditions. 
Church Plan Clarification Act of 2012 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to declare that an organization otherwise eligible to participate in a church plan shall not be aggregated with another such organization and treated as a single employer with it unless: (1) one organization provides directly or indirectly at least 80% of the operating funds for the other one during the recipient organization's preceding tax year, and (2) there is a degree of common management or supervision between the organizations.

Preempts any state law which would directly or indirectly prohibit or restrict the inclusion in any church plan of an automatic contribution arrangement.

Excludes from gross income amounts attributable to transfers of and mergers of church plans that are maintained by the same church or convention or association of churches.

Allows church plans and their supporting organizations to invest plan assets in a group trust (as defined by Internal Revenue Service Revenue Rulings).
Crop Insurance Improvement Act of 1999 - Amends the Federal Crop Insurance Act to authorize, and set forth criteria for, cost of production insurance coverage. 
Establishes specified yield determination criteria for certain producers who have adopted rotation practices, including a three-year actual production history requirement. 
Amends the Agricultural Market Transition Act with respect to the noninsured crop disaster assistance program to: (1) permit similar crop or commodity varieties to be considered as a single eligible crop; (2) require annual submission of crop records; (3) increase coverage; (4) provide individual assistance without area loss requirements; (5) eliminate the natural disaster loss requirement for prevented planting assistance; (6) revise yield determination provisions; (7) establish payment provisions for new crops; and (8) establish a service fee.
Protecting Lands Against Narcotics Trafficking Act of 2013 or the PLANT Act - Directs the U.S. Sentencing Commission to review and amend the federal sentencing guidelines to ensure that they provide for additional penalties applicable to persons convicted of Controlled Substances Act offenses of manufacturing, distributing, dispensing, or possessing with intent to distribute a controlled substance or a counterfeit substance while on federal property or intentionally trespassing on the property of another, if the offense involves:   the use of a poison, chemical, or hazardous substance for the unlawful production of a controlled substance that: (1) creates a serious hazard to humans, wildlife, or domestic animals; (2) degrades or harms the environment or natural resources; or (3) pollutes an aquifer, spring, stream, river, or body of water;  the diversion, redirection, obstruction, draining, or impoundment of an aquifer, spring, river, or body of water for the unlawful production of a controlled substance; or the substantial removal of vegetation or clear cutting of timber for the unlawful production of a controlled substance. 
Anton's Law - (Sec. 3) Directs the Secretary of Transportation to conduct a rulemaking proceeding to establish performance requirements for child restraints, including booster seats, for children weighing more than 50 pounds. Requires the Secretary to: (1) consider whether to include injury performance criteria for child restraints under the requirements, establish performance requirements for seat belt fit when used with booster seats and other belt guidance devices, and address situations where children weighing more than 50 pounds only have access to seating positions with lap belts; and (2) review the definition of the term "booster seat" in Federal motor vehicle safety standard No. 213 to determine if it is sufficiently comprehensive.(Sec. 4) Directs the Secretary to develop, evaluate, and initiate a rulemaking proceeding to adopt an anthropomorphic test device that simulates a ten-year old child for use in testing child restraints used in passenger motor vehicles.(Sec. 5) Requires the Secretary to complete a rulemaking proceeding to amend Federal motor vehicle safety standard No. 208 relating to occupant crash protection in order to require a lap and shoulder belt assembly for each rear designated seating position in a passenger motor vehicle with a gross vehicle weight rating of 10,000 pounds or less (except that if the Secretary determines that installation of a lap and shoulder belt is not practicable for a particular designated seating position in a particular type of passenger motor vehicle, the Secretary may exclude the designated seating position from the requirement). Requires such requirement to be implemented in phases beginning with the production year that begins not later than 12 months after the end of the year in which the regulations are prescribed. Requires the final rule to apply to all passenger motor vehicles with a gross vehicle weight rating of 10,000 pounds or less that are manufactured in the third production year of the implementation phase-in under the schedule.(Sec. 6) Directs the Secretary to initiate an evaluation of integrated or built-in child restraints and booster seats covering: (1) safety and correctness of fit; (2) the availability of testing data on the system and vehicle; (3) compatibility with different makes and models; (4) the cost-effectiveness of mass production for consumers; (5) ease of use and relative availability; and (6) the benefits of built-in seats for improving compliance with State child occupant restraint laws. Requires the Secretary to report on this evaluation to specified congressional committees.(Sec. 8) Authorizes appropriations to the Secretary for the evaluation and for research of the nature and causes of injury to children involved in motor vehicle crashes.
Clean Cookstoves and Fuels Support Act  This bill directs the Department of State to work to advance the goals of the Global Alliance for Clean Cookstoves.  For working with the Alliance appropriations are authorized for the State Department, the U.S. Agency for International Development, the Department of Energy, the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Environmental Protection Agency, the National Science Foundation, the Department of Agriculture, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and the Peace Corps.
Rebuilding Urban Inner Cities Is Long Overdue Act of 2015 or the REBUILD Act  Provides FY2015 supplemental appropriations for the Department of Justice (DOJ), the Small Business Administration (SBA), the Department of Labor, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), and the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).  Designates each amount provided by this bill as an emergency requirement, pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. Provides that the funds are only available if the President subsequently designates the amounts. (Emergency spending is exempt from discretionary spending limits and other budget enforcement rules.)  Provides appropriations to DOJ for: the Office of Justice Programs, including State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance and Juvenile Justice Programs; and Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS).  Provides appropriations to the SBA for Entrepreneurial Development Programs and the Business Loans Program Account.  Provides appropriations to Labor for the Employment and Training Administration.  Provides appropriations to HHS for the Health Resources and Services Administration and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration.  Provides appropriations to HUD for Public and Indian Housing, Community Planning and Development, and the Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes.  Requires HUD to extend current Moving to Work agreements of previously designated participating agencies until the end of FY2028, subject to specified requirements and restrictions. (Moving to Work is a demonstration program that provides HUD and local Public Housing Authorities flexibility to test alternative policies for providing housing assistance through the Section 8 Housing Choice Voucher program and the public housing program.) 
Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior (the Secretary) to construct, operate, and maintain the Santa Margarita River Project in accordance with the final feasibility report and this Act.

Authorizes Project construction only after the Secretary determines that: (1) the Fallbrook Public Utility District, San Diego County, and the Navy have entered into contracts to repay to the United States appropriate construction, operating, and maintenance costs (permits the Secretary to allow satisfaction of the repayment obligation of construction costs through payment of the Navy Secretary's share prior to initiation of construction); (2) the authorized California officer or agency has granted water use permits to the Bureau of Reclamation; (3) the District has agreed that it will not assert against the United States any prior right to water in excess of the quantity deliverable under this Act and will share water based on equal priority and a specified ratio; and (4) the Secretary has determined that the Project has completed applicable economic, environmental, and engineering feasibility studies.

Makes the Navy Secretary responsible to pay only that portion of costs that reflects the extent to which the Navy Department benefits from the Project.

Permits operation of the Project by the Secretary, the District, or a third party, subject to a memorandum of agreement and under regulations satisfactory to the Navy Secretary regarding the Navy Department's share of the Project.

Requires the Secretary and the District to participate in the Project yield on the basis of equal priority, with 60% of the Project's yield allotted to the Navy Secretary and 40% allotted to the District. Sets forth provisions governing contracts for the sale and delivery of excess water.

Requires the District's general repayment obligation to be determined by the Secretary consistent with the Reclamation Project Act of 1939.

Authorizes the Secretary to transfer operation of the Project to the District or a mutually agreed upon third party.
Trauma Care Systems Planning and Development Act of 2002 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to collect, compile, and disseminate information regarding trauma care and emergency medical services, and, in so doing, to give special consideration to the needs of rural areas.Removes provisions dealing with a National Clearinghouse on Trauma Care and Emergency Medical Services.Modifies provision pertaining to grants to improve trauma care in rural areas to allow the Secretary to make grants to entities to improve care by increasing communication and coordination with State trauma systems.Amends provisions concerning matching funds for modifications of the trauma care part of State emergency services plans, including to modify the matching requirements to not less than $1 for each $1 of Federal funds in the third year of payments and not less then $2 for each $1 of Federal funds in the fourth and fifth years (currently the amount is set at not less than $3 for each $1 of Federal funding in the third year and subsequent years).Amends requirements with respect to carrying out the purpose of allotments, including to require a State plan for emergency medical services to coordinate planning for trauma systems with State disaster emergency planning and bioterrorism hospital preparedness planning.Requires States to submit to the Secretary the trauma care part of their emergency services plans in FY 2003 and in following years in order to receive Federal allotments to support the modification of such part.Directs the Secretary to enter into a contract with the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences, or another appropriate entity, to conduct a study on the state of trauma care and trauma research.
Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Registry Act of 2010 or the SAFER Act of 2010 - Amends the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to: (1) allow states or local governments to use grant funds under such Act to conduct audits of samples of sexual assault evidence that are awaiting testing; and (2) provide funding in FY2011-FY2014 for such purpose. Authorizes the Attorney General to award grants for such audits only if the grant recipient (i.e., a state or local government) submits a plan for performing the audit of samples of sexual assault evidence and includes a good-faith estimate of the number of such samples.

Requires the Attorney General to: (1) establish a Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Registry to include information about samples of sexual assault evidence awaiting testing and to track the testing and processing of such samples; and (2) develop and disseminate to law enforcement and other appropriate agencies a report on best practices for the testing and use of DNA evidence collected as part of a criminal investigation of sexual assault cases. Sets forth requirements relating to information required to be included in such Registry, the protection of personally identifiable information in the Registry, and the updating of information in the Registry.

Expresses the sense of Congress that law enforcement agencies and other appropriate entities should use the best practices developed by the Attorney General to develop, evaluate, and improve DNA evidence protocols.
Revises provisions concerning legislation subject to a point of order to: (1) define the point of order for a determination by the Director that it is not feasible to determine the economic impact of a Federal mandate; and (2) replace certain references to Federal intergovernmental mandates with references to Federal mandates with respect to legislation reported by the Appropriations Committees.
Requires the Director, at the request of a Senator, to prepare an estimate of the direct costs of a Federal mandate (currently, Federal intergovernmental mandate) contained in such Senator's amendment.
Amends FECA to make it unlawful, except with the separate, prior, written, voluntary authorization of each individual, for: (1) national banks or corporations to collect from or assess its stockholders or employees any dues, initiation fee, or other payment as a condition of employment if any part of such dues, fee, or payment will be used for political activities in which the national bank or corporation is engaged; and (2) labor organizations to collect from or assess its members or nonmembers any dues, fee, or other payment if any part of such dues, fee, or payment will be used for political activities in which the labor organization is engaged.
States that an authorization shall remain in effect until revoked and may be revoked at any time. Requires each entity collecting from or assessing amounts from an individual with an authorization in effect to provide the individual with a statement that the individual may at any time revoke the authorization.
Amends FECA to: (1) prohibit an authorized committee of a candidate for Federal office from accepting any contribution from an authorized committee of another candidate for Federal office except with regard to the transfer of funds between an authorized committee of a candidate for Federal office and an authorized committee of the same candidate for another Federal office; and (2) require the FEC to obtain and provide for the computer software required to carry out electronic filings under FECA.
Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to prohibit a broadcast station from accepting for broadcast any soft money advertisement which contains the image, name, or likeness of a candidate for election for Federal office unless the station agrees to broadcast without charge: (1) if the soft money advertisement referred to or presented the candidate in a critical or negative manner, an advertisement provided by an authorized committee of such candidate, under conditions similar to those under which the soft money advertisement was broadcast; or (2) if the soft money advertisement referred to or presented the candidate in a positive manner, an advertisement provided by an authorized committee of the candidates's opponent in the election,  under conditions (such as the time of broadcast) similar to those under which the soft money advertisement was broadcast.
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I: Expansion of Instant Gun Check Capabilities 
     Title II: Nonrefundable Credit for Purchase of Safe Storage 
          Devices for Firearms 
     Title III: Handgun Child Safety Locks 
     Title IV: Child Firearm Access Prevention 
Youth Violence Prevention Act of 1999 - 
Title I: Expansion of Instant Gun Check Capabilities
 - Amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the use of drug control and system improvement (Byrne) grants to develop or expand a State instant criminal background check system that includes allowing a person who sells a firearm and who is not a licensed dealer only limited access of the system regarding the eligibility status of a proposed firearm purchaser (after receiving the purchaser's express authorization). 
(Sec. 102) Amends such Act to: (1) require each State which receives grants to allocate not less than six (currently, five) percent of funds received to the improvement of criminal justice records; and (2) authorize the use of such funds to develop or expand a State instant criminal background check system that includes allowing only such limited access. 
Title II: Nonrefundable Credit for Purchase of Safe Storage Devices for Firearms
 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a non-refundable personal credit against Federal income tax for qualified firearm safe storage device expenses for a taxable year. Limits the aggregate amount of expenses paid by an individual which may be treated as qualified firearm safe storage device expenses for any taxable year to the excess (if any) of $250 over the aggregate amounts treated as qualified firearm safe storage device expenses with respect to such individual for all prior taxable years. 
Title III: Handgun Child Safety Locks
 - Prohibits the manufacture of a handgun in the United States unless a child safety lock (i.e., a lock which, while activated or attached, prevents the firearm from being discharged) is attached to, or is an integral part of, the firearm.  Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to impose a civil fine of $5,000 on any person who violates such prohibition. 
Sets forth provisions regarding judicial review and inapplicability of this prohibition to governmental entities within the United States. 
Title IV: Child Firearm Access Prevention
 - Amends the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to subject any person who keeps a loaded firearm, or an unloaded firearm and ammunition, within any premise under such person's control and who knows, or reasonably should know, that a juvenile is capable of gaining access to the firearm without the permission of the parent or legal guardian, to one year's imprisonment and a $10,000 fine if a juvenile obtains access and causes death or bodily injury or illegally exhibits the firearm in a public place or school zone. 
Directs the Secretary to ensure that a copy of such prohibition appears on the form required to be obtained by a licensed dealer from a prospective transferee of a firearm.
(Sec. 102) Specifies the Fund service activities that may be conducted by Fund Service units.
(Sec. 103) Establishes the Library of Congress Revolving Fund, to be made available to the Librarian without fiscal year limitation, to carry out Fund service activities. Limits the obligations for such activities for any fiscal year to the total amounts specified in appropriations Acts for such fiscal year.
Allows the Librarian to temporarily transfer to the Fund other Funds appropriated to the Library, except that the Fund shall reimburse the appropriate accounts of the Library for amounts so transferred before the period of availability of the Library appropriation expires.
(Sec. 104) Authorizes the Librarian to make products and services provided as Revolving Fund service activities available for purchase at rates adequate to recover related costs.
Requires participants in Revolving Fund service activities to pay for such products and services by advance of funds: (1) if the Librarian determines that amounts in the Revolving Fund are otherwise insufficient to cover the costs of providing such products and services; or (2) upon agreement between participants and the Librarian.
Authorizes the Librarian, in the operation of Fund activities, to enter into: (1) contracts for the lease and acquisition of goods and services for a period that begins in one fiscal year and ends in the next fiscal year, pursuant to the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act; and (2) multi-year contracts for the acquisition of property and services, pursuant to such Act.
(Sec. 105) Repeals provisions of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1998 establishing the Cooperative Acquisitions Program Revolving Fund for financing a Library program to acquire foreign publications and research materials on behalf of participating institutions on a cost-recovery basis.
(Sec. 106) Prohibits the construction of this title to affect the terms and conditions of employment of any Library of Congress employee who carries out any activities designated as a Revolving Fund service activity or who is assigned to a Revolving Fund service unit.
Title II: Cataloging Products and Services
 - Authorizes the Librarian of Congress to make cataloging products and services, created by the Library, available for purchase at prices that reflect as closely as practicable the cost of distribution over a reasonable period.
(Sec. 202) Repeals Federal law provisions that authorize the Librarian of Congress to sell copies of card indexes and other publications to institutions or individuals.
Title III: Library of Congress Trust Fund Board
 - Revises the composition of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board to include the vice chair of the Joint Committee on the Library. Decreases the Board's quorum from nine to seven members for the transaction of business. Provides for a temporary extension of Board members' terms.
Title IV: Effective Date
 - Sets forth the effective date of this Act.
Protection of Children from Computer Pornography Act of 1995 - Amends the Federal criminal code to prohibit a remote computer facility operator, electronic communications service provider, or electronic bulletin board service provider from knowingly transmitting, or willfully permitting use of his or her service or facility for transmission of, indecent material to a person under 18 years of age.
.  Election Assistance Commission Termination Act - Amends the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to terminate the Election Assistance Commission (EAC), the EAC Standards Board, and the EAC Board of Advisors. Requires the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to perform EAC functions with respect to certain existing contracts and agreements during the transition period for winding up EAC affairs. Transfers specified election administration functions of the EAC to the Federal Election Commission (FEC). Terminates the Technical Guidelines Development Committee.
Full Funding for IDEA Now Act of 2001 - Amends the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) to require specified minimum levels of Federal grant payments to States for assistance for education of all children with disabilities.
Great Lakes Ecology Protection Act of 2001 - Amends the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 to direct the Secretary of Transportation to issue regulations to prevent the introduction and spread of aquatic nuisance species within the Great Lakes. Calls upon such regulations to require, among other things, the use of environmentally sound treatment methods for ballast water and ballast sediments in preventing and controlling infestations of aquatic nuisance species.Sets forth provisions requiring maximum public participation in, and advance notice of, proposed rulemaking with respect to such regulations.
Prohibits the shipment in interstate or foreign commerce of steel jaw leghold traps and of articles of fur derived from animals trapped in such traps. 
Prescribes criminal penalties for violations of this Act. 
Directs the Secretary of the Interior to reward nongovernment informers for information leading to a conviction under this Act. Empowers enforcement officials to detain, search, and seize suspected merchandise or documents and to make arrests with and without warrants. Subjects seized merchandise to forfeiture.
Amends the Social Security Act (SSA) to require increases and decreases in the earnings allocated to State accounts when States meet or fail to meet funding goals.
Amends SSA to restrict interest-free advances to State accounts in the Unemployment Trust Fund to States which meet funding goals.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code with respect to the Federal Unemployment Tax Act to allow certified States to elect to collect Federal unemployment taxes. Requires States to distribute to unemployed individuals State-specific information packets explaining unemployment insurance eligibility conditions.
Neuromyelitis Optica Consortium Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to establish, administer, and coordinate a National Neuromyelitis Optica (NMO) Consortium to: (1) award grants of not fewer than five years duration to conduct research with respect to the causes of, and the risk factors and biomarkers associated with, NMO (a neurological disease leading to blindness and paralysis); (2) assemble a panel of experts to provide ongoing guidance and the recommendations on research design and protocols, and (3) designate a central laboratory to collect, analyze, and aggregate data with respect to such research and to make such data and analysis available to researchers. Establishes eligibility requirements for a consortium (a partnership of two or more universities, health care organizations, or government agencies, or any combination of such entities), including that: (1) it has the capability to enroll a minimum of 25 individuals with a diagnosis of NMO as research participants from the designated catchment area (geographical area), and (2) that the catchment area does not overlap with any other consortium receiving a grant under this Act.
Christopher and Dana Reeve Paralysis Act  Title I: Paralysis Research - (Sec. 101) Requires the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to develop mechanisms to coordinate NIH paralysis research and rehabilitation activities in order to further advance and avoid duplication of such activities.

Authorizes the Director to make grants for the cost of planning, establishing, improving, and providing basic operating support for consortia in paralysis research. Requires the Director to designate each consortium funded as a Christopher and Dana Reeve Paralysis Research Consortium. Authorizes such consortia to: (1) conduct basic, translational, and clinical paralysis research; (2) facilitate and enhance the dissemination of clinical and scientific findings; and (3) replicate the findings of consortia members or other researchers for scientific and translational purposes. Authorizes the Director to provide for a mechanism to educate and disseminate information on NIH paralysis programs and research activities, through which the Director can receive comments from the public.

Title II: Paralysis Rehabilitation Research and Care - (Sec. 201) Requires the Director to award grants for multicenter networks of clinical sites that will collaborate to design clinical rehabilitation intervention protocols and measures of outcomes on forms of paralysis that result from central nervous system trauma, disorders, and/or stroke. Authorizes a multicenter network of clinical sites to: (1) focus on areas of key scientific concern, including improving functional mobility; and (2) replicate the findings of network members or other researchers for scientific and translation purposes.

Title III: Improving Quality of Life for Persons with Paralysis and Other Physical Disabilities - (Sec. 301) Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services to: (1) study the unique health challenges associated with paralysis and other physical disabilities; and (2) carry out projects and interventions to improve the quality of life and long-term health status of persons with paralysis and other physical disabilities, including developing a national paralysis and physical disability quality of life action plan and establishing a population-based database that may be used for longitudinal and other research on paralysis and other disabling conditions.

Authorizes the Secretary to award grants to state and local health disability agencies to: (1) establish a population-based database that may be used for longitudinal and other research on paralysis and other disabling conditions; (2) develop comprehensive paralysis and other physical action plans and activities; (3) assist state-based programs in collaborating with people with paralysis and other physical disabilities and their constituent organization; (4) coordinate paralysis and physical disability activities with existing state-based disability and health programs; (5) provide education and training opportunities and programs for health professionals and allied caregivers; and (6) develop, test, evaluate, and replicate effective intervention programs to maintain or improve health and quality of life. Allows the Secretary to award grants to private health and disability organizations to: (1) disseminate information to the public; (2) improve access to services for persons living with paralysis and other physical disabilities and their caregivers; (3) test model intervention programs to improve health and quality of life; and (4) coordinate existing services with state-based disability and health programs.

Authorizes appropriations for FY2008-FY2011.
.  Targeting Child Predators Act of 2017 (Sec. 2) This bill amends the federal criminal code to modify the process for issuing a nondisclosure requirement in connection with administrative subpoenas in four categories of investigations: health care offenses, child sexual exploitation or abuse, unregistered sex offenders, and imminent threats to an individual protected by the U.S. Secret Service.  It lengthens the period of time during which a recipient of an administrative subpoena is prohibited from disclosure.  (Sec. 3) The bill subjects a nondisclosure requirement to judicial review, requires the administrative subpoena to include notice of the availability of judicial review, and establishes a process for judicial review.
Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to repeal the embargo on trade with Cuba. 
Prohibits the exercise by the President with respect to Cuba of certain authorities conferred by the Trading With the Enemy Act and exercised on July 1, 1977, as a result of a specified national emergency.  Declares that any prohibition on exports to Cuba under the Export Administration Act of 1979 shall cease to be effective. Authorizes the President to impose export controls with respect to Cuba and exercise certain authorities under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act only on account of an unusual and extraordinary threat to U.S. national security that did not exist before enactment of this Act. 
Repeals: (1) the Cuban Democracy Act of 1992; (2) the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996; and (3) the prohibition under the Food Security Act of 1985 against allocation of the annual sugar quota to any country unless its officials verify that it does not import for reexport to the United States any sugar produced in Cuba. 
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to terminate the denial of foreign tax credit with respect to Cuba. 
Authorizes common carriers to install, maintain, and repair telecommunications equipment and facilities in Cuba, and otherwise provide telecommunications services between the United States and Cuba. 
Prohibits regulation or banning of travel to and from Cuba by U.S. citizens or residents, or of any transactions incident to travel. 
Directs the U.S. Postal Service to provide direct mail service to and from Cuba. 
Prohibits certain U.S. assistance to Cuba.
Flexibility to Innovate for College Affordability Act - Directs the Secretary of Education to establish the Higher Education Regulatory Reform Task Force to prepare a report, that is to be submitted to Congress and made available on a publicly accessible website, on federal regulatory requirements for institutions of higher education (IHEs). Requires the report to contain: (1) a list of rules that are determined to be outmoded, duplicative, ineffective, or excessively burdensome; (2) an analysis of how the costs of such rules outweigh their benefits; (3) recommendations to consolidate, modify, simplify, or repeal such rules and a description of the justification for and impact of such recommendations; and (4) recommendations on establishing a permanent entity to review new regulatory requirements affecting IHEs. Requires the President to submit to Congress a legislative proposal for carrying out some or all of the recommendations contained in the report.  Establishes congressional procedures to expedite consideration of the President's proposal. Amends title IV (Student Assistance) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to authorize the Secretary to waive certain statutory or regulatory requirements under title IV to allow IHEs participating in the experimental sites initiative to increase the maximum federal Pell Grant and loan award amounts for students in proportion to the amount that their workload exceeds the minimum full-time academic workload. (The experimental sites initiative was established to test the effectiveness of providing participating IHEs with statutory and regulatory flexibility in awarding and disbursing student aid under title IV.) Authorizes the waiver of statutory and regulatory requirements under title IV that might bias the results of experiments carried out by IHEs under the initiative to provide title IV assistance to: (1) students enrolled in remedial courses or competency-based learning programs, which are not accredited but are approved by the IHE and provide competencies for success in certain programs of study at the IHE; (2) students to pay test fees if the students could be awarded academic credit for prior learning based on the test results; and (3) secondary school students enrolled in courses at the IHE. Requires the IHEs to demonstrate to the Secretary that these waivers would reduce the total cost of attendance for participating students.  
Medicare Rural Health Care Preservation Act of 2003 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to provide for: (1) a five-year continuation of Medicare managed care cost contracts; (2) temporary payment increases for sole community hospitals under the prospective payment system for hospital outpatient department services; (3) the reinstatement of periodic interim payment (PIP) with respect to the critical access hospital program, among other changes with respect to such program; (4) an extension of the temporary increase for home health services furnished in a rural area; (5) an increase in payments for hospice care furnished in frontier areas; and (6) deemed eligibility based on death in fact with respect to treatment of eligibility for hospice care.
This bill amends the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to permit the Department of the Interior to accept real property located within the boundaries of the original 1857 reservation of the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon (comprising land within Polk and Yamhill Counties) that is transferred to the United States by or on behalf of the tribes.  Interior must treat applications to take land into trust within the boundaries of the original 1857 reservation as on-reservation trust acquisitions. Gaming is prohibited on such real property taken into trust, except for real property within two miles of a specified gaming facility. All real property taken into trust within those boundaries after September 9, 1988, is part of the tribes' reservation.
Federal Agency Protection of Privacy Act of 2004 - Requires Federal agencies: (1) when publishing a general notice of proposed rulemaking for any proposed rule or a notice of proposed rulemaking for an interpretative rule involving the internal revenue laws, and such rulemaking pertains to the collection, maintenance, use, or disclosure of personally identifiable information from ten or more individuals, other than agencies, instrumentalities, or Federal employees, to prepare an initial assessment that describes the rule's impact on individual privacy; and (2) when promulgating the final rule, to prepare a final privacy impact assessment that includes a summary of any significant issues raised by and changes made pursuant to public comments on the initial assessment. Instructs agencies to make copies of final assessments publicly available and to publish such assessments or summaries thereof in the Federal Register.

Allows the head of an agency to waive or delay the completion of some or all of: (1) these requirements to the same extent as the agency head may waive or delay the completion of requirements for regulatory flexibility analyses; and (2) certain of the preceding requirements under this Act for national security reasons, or to protect from disclosure classified information, confidential commercial information, or information the disclosures of which may adversely affect a law enforcement effort.

Requires the head of an agency promulgating a rule that may have a significant privacy impact to assure that individuals have been given an opportunity to participate in the rulemaking. Requires each agency to: (1) carry out a periodic review of promulgated rules that have a signifcant privacy impact to determine whether each such rule can be amended or rescinded in a manner that minimizes such impact while remaining in accordance with applicable statutes; (2) carry out such review in accordance with a plan that provides for the review of each rule every ten years; and (3) annually publish a list of the rules to be reviewed. Requires the list to: (1) include a brief description of each rule and the need for and legal basis of such rule; and (2) invite public comment upon the determination concerning the rule. Sets forth provisions governing judicial review of agency compliance with this Act. Requires congressional review of agencies' actions that are relevant to this Act.
.  Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act  (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to require a federal financial institutions regulatory agency to make a final examination report to a financial institution within 60 days after the later of: (1) the exit interview for an examination of the institution, or (2) the provision of additional information by the institution relating to the examination. The bill sets a deadline for the exit interview if a financial institution is not subject to a resident examiner program. (Sec. 3) Examination standards are prescribed for financial institutions that:    prescribe requirements and prohibitions for the treatment of certain commercial loans,   prohibit a federal financial institution regulatory agency from requiring a well-capitalized financial institution to raise additional capital in lieu of certain actions prohibited with respect to such commercial loans, and  require federal financial institutions regulatory agencies to develop and apply identical definitions and reporting requirements for non-accrual loans.   (Sec. 4) The bill establishes in the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) the Office of Independent Examination Review, headed by a director appointed by the FFIEC, but independent from any member agency of the FFIEC. (Sec. 5) Financial institutions may appeal a material supervisory determination contained in a final report of examination. The director must determine the merits of the appeal on the record, or, at the election of the financial institution, refer the appeal to an administrative law judge.  The director's decision on an appeal shall: (1) be the final agency action, and (2) bind the agency whose supervisory determination was the subject of the appeal and the financial institution making the appeal. Financial institutions may also petition for judicial review of the director's decision.  The bill prohibits a federal financial institutions regulatory agency from:  retaliating against a financial institution, including service providers, or any institution-affiliated party, for exercising appellate rights under this bill; or delaying or denying any agency action that would benefit a financial institution or any institution-affiliated party on the basis that an appeal under this bill is pending.  (Sec. 6) The Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 is amended to require:    the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to establish an independent intra-agency appellate process in connection with the regulatory appeals process, and   safeguards to protect an insured depository institution or insured credit union from retaliation by any federal banking agency for exercising its rights.  
Crime Victim Restitution and Court Fee Intercept Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to direct the Secretary of the Treasury, upon receiving notice from a state judicial agency that a named person owes a past-due, legally enforceable state judicial debt, to pay such debt from any tax refund due to such person. Defines "state judicial debt" to include court costs, fees, fines, assessments, restitution to victims of crime, and other monies resulting from a judgment or sentence rendered by any court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction handling criminal or traffic cases in the state.
Tax Relief Certainty Act - Eliminates the terminating date of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001, thus making the provisions of such Act permanent. Terminates after December 31, 2011, provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act increasing tax benefits for adoption.

Eliminates the terminating date of the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 applicable to provisions reducing tax rates on dividends and capital gains.

Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) phase-in between 2010 through 2020 increases in the exemption amount for the alternative minimum tax (AMT); and (2) make permanent offsets against the AMT for certain nonrefundable tax credits.
Smoke-Free Environment Act of 1993 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to add a new title on smoke free environments.  Requires the responsible entity for each public facility to adopt, implement, and post a policy prohibiting smoking in the facility and on facility property in the immediate vicinity of the facility's entrance.  Allows designated smoking areas if:  (1) the area is ventilated to exhaust directly to the outside; and (2) nonsmoking individuals do not have to enter the area for any purpose.  Allows enforcement actions by any aggrieved person, any State or local government agency, or the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.  Provides for civil monetary penalties.
Pentagon 9/11 Memorial Commemorative Coin Act of 2005 - Instructs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue the following coins emblematic of the spirit and bravery of the civilians, servicemen, and women that work at the Pentagon and were aboard Flight 77 on September 11, 2001: (1) $50 gold coins; 2) $1 silver coins; and (3) half dollar clad coins.

Directs the Secretary to issue a $50 coin for presentation free of charge to the next of kin or personal representative of each individual identified.

States that the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the presentation, on behalf of Congress, of such gold coins.

Provides for surcharges of: (1) $100 per coin for the $50 gold coins; (2) $10 per coin for the $1 coin; and (3) $5 per coin for the half dollar coin.
Berry Amendment Extension Act - Prohibits the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) from procuring specified covered items directly related to national security interests (including clothing, tents, or natural fiber products, specialty metals, or hand or measuring tools) that are not grown, reprocessed, reused, or produced in the United States, except to the extent satisfactory quality and sufficient quantity of any such product cannot be procured at U.S. market prices.

Makes additional exceptions for: (1) procurements by vessels in foreign waters; (2) emergency procurements or procurements of perishable foods by establishments located outside the United States for their personnel; and (3) purchases for amounts not greater than the simplified acquisition threshold ($100,000). Directs the Secretary to ensure that: (1) each member of the Department's acquisition workforce who regularly participates in textile acquisition receives training during FY2006 on this Act's requirements; and (2) any such training includes comprehensive information on such requirements. Makes this Act inapplicable to the extent that it is inconsistent with U.S. obligations under an international agreement.
Preparing More Welfare Recipients for Work Act This bill&nbsp;revises mandatory work requirements under the&nbsp;Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF)&nbsp;program. Specifically, for purposes of counting work activities toward the satisfaction of such requirements, the bill:  eliminates the distinction between&nbsp;core work activities and other specified work activities&nbsp;related to training and education;  in general, eliminates&nbsp;separate requirements for&nbsp;two-parent families and other families;  allows partial credit with respect to families that participate in work activities for fewer hours than required;  allows&nbsp;states to request approval for an alternative work-participation rate calculation;  limits, after three months of participation,&nbsp;the extent to which job-search activities shall be counted as work activities;  modifies requirements for counting secondary-school attendance as work participation;  removes from the definition of "work activities" the provision of child-care services to an individual who is participating in a community service program; and  increases, from 12 to 24 months, the maximum period for which vocational educational training counts a work activities. 
Prematurity Research Expansion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act or the PREEMIE Act - (Sec. 3) Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), to: (1) expand and coordinate CDC activities on preterm labor and delivery and infant mortality; (2) conduct ongoing epidemiological studies on the relationship between prematurity, birth defects, and developmental disabilities; and (3) establish systems for the collection of maternal-infant clinical biomedical information to link with the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System.

Requires the Secretary to review existing tools and measures to ensure that such tools and measures include information related to the known risk factors of low birth weight and preterm birth.

(Sec. 4) Allows the Secretary to conduct demonstration projects to improve: (1) the provision of information on prematurity to health professionals and the public; and (2) treatment and outcome for babies born preterm.

(Sec. 5) Requires the Secretary to establish an Interagency Coordinating Council on Prematurity and Low Birthweight.

(Sec. 6) Directs the Secretary, acting through the Surgeon General, to convene a conference on preterm birth.

Authorizes appropriations.

(Sec. 7) Delays (until the earlier of June 30, 2007, or 60 days after enactment of a FY2007 authorization of appropriations to carry out the Head Start Act) the effective date of regulations requiring agencies providing transportation services to ensure that children enrolled in Head Start are transported in school buses or allowable alternate vehicles that: (1) are equipped for use of height- and weight-appropriate child restraint systems; and (2) have reverse beepers.
Federal Employee Tax Accountability Act of 2015  Makes any&nbsp;individual who has a seriously delinquent tax debt ineligible to receive a bonus from a federal agency (i.e., an executive agency, the U.S. Postal Service, the Postal Regulatory Commission, or an employing agency in the legislative branch). Defines "seriously delinquent tax debt" as an outstanding tax debt for which a notice of lien has been filed in public records. Exempts a tax debt: (1) that is being paid in a timely manner under an approved installment payment agreement or an offer-in-compromise, (2) for which a collection due process hearing has been requested or pending, (3) for which a levy has been issued or agreed to by an applicant for employment, or (4) that is determined to be an economic hardship to the taxpayer.  Requires each agency to review public records to determine if a notice of tax lien has been filed against an agency employee or applicant for employment.&nbsp;Prohibits an agency head or agency employee from using or disclosing tax delinquency information other than for the administration of this Act. 
(This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the Senate on November 16, 2016.  First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act (Sec. 2) This bill requires the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), in coordination with the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), to carry out a pilot program to provide eligible anthrax vaccines nearing the end of their labeled dates of use from the strategic national stockpile to emergency response providers who would be at high risk of exposure to anthrax if an attack should occur and who voluntarily consent.  HHS shall determine whether an anthrax vaccine is eligible to be provided to DHS for the program based on determinations that: (1) the vaccine is not otherwise allotted for other purposes; and (2) the provision of the vaccine will not reduce or otherwise adversely affect the capability to meet projected requirements for such product during a public health emergency. DHS shall establish a communication platform, develop and deliver education and training, conduct an economic analysis, create a logistical platform, establish goals and desired outcomes for the program, and establish a mechanism to reimburse HHS for the costs of shipment and transportation of such vaccines provided to DHS under such program and the amount by which the warehousing costs of the stockpile are increased in order to operate such program. DHS must: (1) select between two and five states for voluntary participation in the program; (2) provide guidance to participating states and local governments on identifying providers who are at high risk of exposure; and (3) require each participating state to submit a written certification that each participating emergency response provider is provided with disclosures and educational materials regarding the associated benefits and risks of any vaccine provided and of exposure to anthrax, additional material consistent with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's clinical guidance, and notice that the federal government is not obligated to continue providing anthrax vaccine after the program ends. Each state that participates in the program shall ensure that such participation is consistent with the state's All-Hazards Public Health Emergency Preparedness and Response Plan. DHS shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with HHS to: (1) define each department's roles and responsibilities, and (2) establish appropriate performance metrics and policies for the program. DHS must submit annual reports on program progress and results, which shall include the costs to administer the program, the number and percentage of eligible providers that volunteer to participate, the degree to which participants complete the vaccine regimen, the total number of doses of vaccine administered, and recommendations to improve participation.  The final report shall consider whether the program should continue beyond five years after enactment of this bill and shall include: (1) an analysis of the costs and benefits of continuing the program; (2) an explanation of the economic, health, and other risks and benefits of administering vaccines through the program rather than post-event treatment; and (3) a plan under which the program could be continued.
Faster Care for Veterans Act of 2016 This bill directs the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to begin an 18-month pilot program in at least three Veterans Integrated Service Networks (VISNs) under which veterans use an Internet website to schedule and confirm appointments at VA medical facilities. The pilot program's duration may be extended and the number of VISNs may be increased.
High Plains Groundwater Resource Conservation Act - Amends the Food Security Act of 1985 to direct the Secretary of Agriculture in FY 2002 through 2011 to provide cost-share payments, incentive payments, and technical assistance to eligible producers (persons who are engaged in livestock or agricultural production) who enter into contracts with the Secretary through a High Plains Aquifer Groundwater Conservation Incentives Program.Requires the Secretary to provide financial and technical assistance, including modeling and engineering design to States, tribes, and counties, conservation districts, and other political subdivisions recognized under State law for the development of groundwater conservation plans within the High Plains.Requires the creation of a certification process for such plans developed under this program or developed independently by such entities. Provides that, to be certified, a plan must achieve significant per acre savings of groundwater from the Aquifer and must meet the criteria specified by this Act.Directs the Commodity Credit Corporation to make available specified amounts in FY 2002 through 2011 to carry out such Program.Requires that lands eligible for the Environmental Conservation Acreage Reserve Program which would result in significant per acre savings of groundwater resources of the Aquifer if removed from agriculture production be awarded 90 Program bid points, to be designated as groundwater conservation points, in addition to any other ratings such lands may receive.
Rare Earths and Critical Materials Revitalization Act of 2011 - Establishes in the Department of Energy (DOE) a research, development, and commercial application program to assure the long-term, secure, and sustainable supply of rare earth materials to satisfy the national security, economic well-being, and industrial production needs of the United States.

Directs the Secretary of Energy to: (1) support new or significantly improved processes and technologies (as compared to those currently in use in the rare earth materials industry), (2) encourage multidisciplinary collaborations and opportunities for students at institutions of higher education, and (3) submit an implementation plan to Congress.

Amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to authorize the Secretary to make loan guarantee commitments for the commercial application of new or significantly improved technologies for specified projects.

Amends the National Materials and Minerals Policy, Research and Development Act of 1980 to: (1) instruct the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to coordinate federal materials research and development through the National Science and Technology Council (instead of, as currently required, the Federal Coordinating Council for Science, Engineering, and Technology, which is now defunct); (2) modify the duties of the Secretary of Commerce regarding critical needs assessment; and (3) repeal specified reporting and other duties of the Secretaries of Defense and of the Interior.

Repeals the National Critical Materials Act of 1984.
Church Plan Clarification Act of 2008 - Amends Internal Revenue Code pension plan provisions to: (1) apply a special rule for determining the status of an employer participating in a church plan as a member of a controlled group of entities; and (2) allow certain tax-free transfers to and mergers of church plans that are maintained by the same church or association of churches.

Amends the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA) to apply limitations on benefits and contributions under qualified employee plans to certain church defined benefit plans.

Allows church plans and their supporting organizations to invest plan assets in a group trust (as defined by Internal Revenue Service Revenue Rulings).
Bleeding Disorder Screening, Awareness, and Further Education (SAFE) Act of 2010 - Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to carry out the following activities: (1) development of a new, or identification of an existing, screening questionnaire that is evidence-based and in accordance with clinical guidelines for use in the diagnosis of bleeding disorders in adolescents and young adults; and (2) as widely as possible in adolescent populations, dissemination and implementation of the screening questionnaire and other screening tools relevant to the diagnosis of bleeding disorders, ensuring referrals as specified. Directs the Secretary to give priority to grant or contract applicants proposing to provide screening to high school or higher education students.

Requires the Secretary to conduct an education campaign to increase awareness about bleeding disorders among health professionals.

Directs the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), to award grants or contracts to public or nonprofit private entities to: (1) augment existing research efforts to evaluate, improve, and standardize methods for diagnosing bleeding disorders; and (2) expand ongoing efforts to determine the prevalence of bleeding disorders in the general population, identify symptoms, risk factors, and co-morbidities associated with bleeding disorders, and implement female-specific surveillance systems and conduct related research to improve bleeding symptoms and quality of life among adolescent and adult women with bleeding disorders.

Authorizes the Secretary to provide technical assistance. Directs the Secretary to report to Congress on the results of activities under this Act.
Death in Custody Reporting Act of 2008 - Requires states that receive certain criminal justice assistance grants to report to the Attorney General on a quarterly basis certain information regarding the death of any person who is detained, under arrest, en route to incarceration, or incarcerated in state or local facilities or a boot camp prison. Imposes penalties on states that fail to comply with such reporting requirements.

Requires the Attorney General to: (1) study the information obtained from states relating to deaths in custody; and (2) collect information regarding the death of any person in custody for each fiscal year.
Student Adjustment Act of 2001 - Amends the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 to repeal the provision prohibiting an unlawful alien's eligibility for higher education benefits based on State residence unless a U.S. national is similarly eligible without regard to such State residence. Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to direct the Attorney General to cancel the removal of, and adjust to permanent resident status, certain (inadmissible or deportable) alien middle or secondary students with qualifying years of U.S. residency. Makes such aliens eligible for Federal and State higher education assistance during the pendency of their application for cancellation of removal.
Labor Statistics Improvement Act   Establishes an independent Commission to Improve Labor Statistics. Directs the Commission to:  examine and assess the process by which the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor collects, processes, analyzes, and disseminates statistical data relating to unemployment rates, including the methods used for determining that an individual is considered to be looking for work; recommend any improvement to the process and methods, including proposals for any alternative measures of labor force participation, taking into account evidence that the official unemployment rate doesn't always accurately reflect labor market strength; and develop a new method for determining and reporting underemployment that takes into consideration workers who are not in jobs that match their skill sets or education and who are earning less than other workers in similar occupations or with similar skill sets and education. 
Acadia National Park Boundary Clarification Act This bill confirms that the boundary of Acadia National Park in Maine includes approximately 1,441 acres of land and interests in the Schoodic Peninsula.  The bill ratifies and approves:   the acquisition by the United States of such land and interests, effective as of September 26, 2013; and any alteration of such land or interests held or claimed by the United State that occurred after such date.   The Department of the Interior may make technical boundary and limited boundary revisions, as appropriate, to the permanent boundaries of the park (including any park property located within the peninsula and Isle Au Haut districts) to resolve issues resulting from causes such as survey error or changed road alignments or to take into account acquisitions or losses of land adjacent to or within the park in any case in which the total acreage of the land to be so acquired or lost is less than 10 acres, subject to specified conditions.  Interior shall contribute a specified amount to a regional consortium composed of units of local government on or in the vicinity of Mount Desert Island that was established to improve the management of the disposal and recycling of solid waste.  Interior shall reestablish and appoint members to the Acadia National Park Advisory Commission.   Certain land in the park that was conveyed by Interior to the town of Tremont, Maine, shall no longer be used exclusively for school purposes, but for public purposes, subject to the conditions that: (1) use of such land shall not degrade or adversely impact the park's resources or values; and (2) such land shall remain in public ownership for recreational, educational, or similar public purposes.   Interior shall allow for the traditional harvesting of the marine worms, clams, and other shellfish, and other marine species in accordance with the laws of the state of Maine: (1) within the park's boundaries, and (2) on any land outside of the park in which Interior has or obtains a property interest.  Interior shall convey to the town of Bar Harbor a specified parcel of land within the park to be used for a solid waste transfer facility. 
Directs the Secretary of Transportation to establish a flexibility incentive grant pilot program to encourage States to establish new sources of revenue for transit projects and services. Directs the Secretary to make grants to States that: (1) increase their expenditures for transit projects and other services; or (2) dedicate State revenues specifically for transit projects and services.
Indian and Alaska Native Foster Care and Adoption Services Amendments of 2001 - Amends part E (Foster Care and Adoption Assistance) of title IV of the Social Security Act to provide for Federal foster care maintenance payments to qualifying Indian tribal plans designed for foster and adoptive care of an Indian child.Sets forth Federal assistance (including medical assistance) eligibility requirements for such programs operated by Indian tribal organizations.
Fairness to Contact Lens Consumers Act - Requires a "prescriber" (a person permitted under State law to issue prescriptions for contact lenses) to provide to the patient a copy of the patient's contact lens prescription free of charge.Declares that a contact lens prescription shall expire one year after the date of completion of the contact lens fitting if a State's law regarding contact lens prescriptions specifies an earlier date or if the State has no such specified date. Permits an exception for a patient's ocular health.Prohibits advertising that lenses for which a prescription is required may be obtained without a prescription. Prohibits a prescriber from issuing certain waivers.States that any violation of this Act shall be treated as a violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act regarding unfair or deceptive acts or practices.Permits a State to bring a civil action in a district court of the United States for violations of this Act. Requires the attorney general of a State bringing suit to notify the Federal Trade Commission, unless such notification is unfeasible. Allows the Commission to intervene in cases in which it is notified, whereby it shall have the rights: (1) to be heard on any matter; and (2) to file a petition for appeal.
Amends the federal judicial code to establish two judicial districts in New Jersey (currently, one), the Northern and Southern Districts of New Jersey. Sets forth provisions regarding the allocation of judgeships, including bankruptcy judgeships, among those districts. Provides for the transfer of district judges, bankruptcy judges, and magistrate judges to the Northern and Southern Districts of New Jersey. Transfers U.S. attorneys, U.S. marshals, and federal public defenders for the District of New Jersey to the Northern District of New Jersey. Directs the President to appoint, by and with the advice of the Senate, a U.S. attorney and a U.S. marshal for the Southern District of New Jersey. Specifies that neither pending cases nor juries shall be affected.
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  Short Title; Table of Contents 
     Title II:  Additional Retirement Participation and Payment 
          Options for Federal Employees 
Retirement Savings and Security Act - 
Title I:  Short Title; Table of Contents
 - Sets forth, for this Act:  (1) the short title; and (2) the table of contents. 
Title II:  Additional Retirement Participation and Payment Options for Federal Employees
 - Requires the Executive Director of the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board to prescribe regulations to allow Federal employees to be afforded a reasonable opportunity to make an election to make contributions under the Thrift Savings Plan on the date of commencing service or beginning on the earliest date thereafter that such an election becomes administratively feasible. 
(Sec. 2002) Provides for a deferred annuity for a surviving former spouse of a deceased former Federal employee who separated from the service with title to a deferred annuity if such individuals were married to one another prior to the date of separation. 
Provides for a surviving spouse to elect to receive a certain deferred annuity if a former employee dies after having separated from the service with title to a deferred annuity but before having established a valid claim for annuity. 
(Sec. 2003) Revises provisions concerning the payment of a lump sum to a former spouse of a Federal employee.
Access to Medical Treatment Act - Permits any individual to be treated by a health care practitioner with any medical treatment that the individual desires (including a treatment that is not approved, certified, or licensed by the Secretary of Health and Human Services) if: (1) the practitioner agrees to treat the individual; and (2) the administration of such treatment does not violate licensing laws.

 Declares that health care practitioners may/shall (sic) provide any method of treatment to such an individual if certain requirements are met. Requires a practitioner to report: (1) administering such treatment and discovering it to be a danger to an individual; and (2) the positive effects of an unconventional medical treatment for a life-threatening medical condition.States that nothing in this Act shall in any way adversely affect the distribution or sale of dietary supplements.
Roadless Area Conservation Act of 2002 - Prohibits road construction and road reconstruction in inventoried roadless areas of the National Forest System. Specifies exceptions, including because: (1) there is threat of a catastrophic event; (2) a natural resource restoration action is necessary; or (3) a Federal-aid highway project is in the public interest or is consistent with the purposes for which the land was reserved or acquired.Forbids timber from being cut, sold, or removed in an inventoried roadless area. Permits various exceptions, including for specified environmental reasons, if the responsible official determines that the cutting, sale, or removal of timber is expected to be infrequent.Declares that this Act does not: (1) revoke, suspend, or modify legal instruments and decisions concerning the use of NFS land made before January 12, 2001; (2) compel the amendment or revision of any land and resource management plan; or (3) apply to specified activities in the Tongass National Forest.States that the prohibitions and restrictions of this Act cannot be reconsidered, modified, or terminated under the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974.
Independent Ethics Commission Act of 2007 - Establishes within the House of Representatives an Independent Ethics Commission composed only of former federal judges.

Prescribes procedures for: (1) initiation of investigations, upon the filing of a complaint or upon the Commission's own initiative; and (2) for consequent actions.
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  Historically Black Colleges and Universities 
          Historic Building Restoration and Preservation 
     Title II:  Cooper Hall and Science Hall Preservation and 
          Restoration 
Title I:  Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Building Restoration and Preservation
 - Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Building Restoration and Preservation Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to make grants, from amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out the National Historic Preservation Act for FY 1996 through 1999, to historically black colleges and universities for the preservation and restoration of historic buildings and structures on their campuses. 
Requires a grantee to covenant, for the period of time specified by the Secretary, that:  (1) no alteration will be made in the property with respect to which the grant is made without the concurrence of the Secretary; and (2) reasonable public access will be permitted to such property for interpretive and educational purposes. 
Authorizes the Secretary to:  (1) obligate funds for a grant with respect to a building or structure listed on the National Register of Historic Places only if the grantee agrees to match the amount of such grant with funds derived from non-Federal sources; and (2) waive this matching requirement if an extreme emergency exists or that such a waiver is in the public interest to ensure the preservation of historically significant resources. 
Limits amounts made available for this Act for FY 1995 through 1998. 
Earmarks funds for FY 1995 for grants to:  (1) Fisk University; and (2) historically black colleges and universities identified for inclusion in the Department of the Interior Historically Black College and University Historic Preservation Initiative. 
Title II:  Cooper Hall and Science Hall Preservation and Restoration
 - Directs the Secretary to make grants to preserve and restore Cooper Hall at Sterling College located in Sterling, Kansas, and Science Hall at Simpson College located in Indianola, Iowa, from amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out the National Historic Preservation Act. 
Authorizes the Secretary to obligate such funds only if the grantee agrees to match the amount of such grant with funds derived from non-Federal sources.  Limits amounts to be made available for such grants.
Breastfeeding Promotion Act of 2007 - Amends the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to include lactation (breastfeeding, including expression of milk) as protected conduct under such Act. Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow employers a business tax credit for breast pumps and other equipment to assist employed mothers to breastfeed or express milk for their children and for consultation services relating to breastfeeding. Safe and Effective Breast Pumps Act - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to: (1) put into effect a performance standard for breast pumps irrespective of the class to which the breast pumps have been classified under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; and (2) issue a compliance policy guide which will assure that women who want to breastfeed a child are given full and complete information respecting breast pumps. Expands the definition of medical care in the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of the tax deduction for medical expenses to include qualified breastfeeding equipment and services.
Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018 (Sec. 3) This bill requires the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to establish the Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Technology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States.  The task force's duties include:   identifying and measuring current gaps in the availability of broadband Internet access service on agricultural land;  developing policy recommendations to promote the rapid, expanded deployment of fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land, with a goal of achieving reliable capabilities on 95% of agricultural land in the United States by 2025;   promoting effective policy and regulatory solutions that encourage the adoption of broadband Internet access service on farms and ranches and promote precision agriculture;  recommending specific new rules or amendments to existing FCC rules;  recommending specific steps that the FCC should take to obtain reliable and standardized data measurements of the availability of broadband Internet access service as necessary to target funding support, from future FCC programs dedicated to the deployment of such service, to unserved agricultural land; and  recommending specific steps that the FCC should consider to ensure that the expertise of the Department of Agriculture (USDA) and available farm data are reflected in such future FCC programs.  USDA and the FCC shall jointly submit to the task force a list of all federal programs or resources available for the expansion of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land. The task force must submit annually to the FCC a report that details: (1) the status of fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service coverage of agricultural land; (2) the projected future connectivity need of agricultural operations, farmers, and ranchers; and (3) steps taken to accurately measure the availability of broadband Internet access service on agricultural land and the limitations of current measurement processes. The FCC shall renew the task force every two years until it terminates on January 1, 2025. (Sec. 4) No additional funds are authorized to carry out this bill.
Free Trade With Cuba Act - Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (including other specified laws) to repeal the embargo placed upon all trade with Cuba.Amends the Internal Revenue Code to declare the denial of foreign tax credit inapplicable to Cuba.Permits: (1) installation and maintenance of telecommunications equipment and facilities in Cuba, including telecommunications services between the United States and Cuba; and (2) travel to and from Cuba by U.S. citizens or residents.Requires the U.S. Postal Service to provide direct mail service to and from Cuba.Urges the President to take all necessary steps to conduct negotiations with the Government of Cuba to: (1) settle claims of U.S. nationals against Cuba for the taking of property; and (2) secure protection of internationally recognized human rights.
Private Property Rights Protection and Government Accountability Act - Makes any state or political subdivision thereof that carries out a public taking for any private purpose in or affecting interstate commerce ineligible for any federal economic development funds for ten fiscal years.

Entitles any owner of private property subject to such a taking to injunctive and declaratory relief.
Medicare Long-Term Care Hospital Improvement Act of 2006 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to prescribe requirements for a long-term care hospital (LTCH) and patient criteria for prospective payment to an LTCH.

Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to: (1) determine the LTCH diagnosis related groups (LTCH-DRGs) associated with a high severity of illness for specified medical conditions; and (2) study and report to Congress on appropriate quality measures for Medicare patients receiving care in LTCHs.

Directs the Secretary to choose three quality measures from the study for LTCHs to report.





Amends the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 to require annual updates of LTCH base rates and wage indices and the reweighting of LTCH-DRGs.



Prohibits the Secretary from extending application of the 25% (or applicable percentage) patient threshold payment adjustment to freestanding LTCHs.
Public Transportation Systems Vulnerability Assessment and Reduction Act of 2005 - Directs the Secretary of Homeland Security (Secretary) to: (1) review all government assessments conducted after September 11, 2001, of terrorist-related threats to all forms of public transportation, including related public gathering areas; (2) ensure that the assessments identify the critical assets of the system, including threats, and identify the extent to which backup systems ensure continued operation of the system in the event of an attack and the extent frontline transit employees have received training in security awareness, emergency preparedness, and response procedures; and (3) conduct, as necessary, additional assessments of vulnerabilities associated with any public transportation system.

Authorizes the Secretary to make grants to eligible transportation agencies for: (1) the training of frontline transit employees in emergency preparedness and response activities; and (2) the acquisition of approved equipment and technologies to assist in carrying them out. Requires allocation of grant amounts among eligible transportation agencies based on need for emergency preparedness and response training and equipment, earmarking at least ten percent of such amounts to eligible transportation agencies in non-urban areas.
Pam Lychner Sexual Offender Tracking and Identification Act of 1996 - Amends the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 to direct the Attorney General to establish a national database at the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to track the whereabouts and movement of each person who:  (1) has been convicted of a criminal offense against a minor or a sexually violent offense; or (2) is a sexually violent predator. Requires each such person who resides in a State that has not established a minimally sufficient sexual offender registration program to register a current address, fingerprints, and a current photograph with the FBI for inclusion in such database, except during ensuing periods of incarceration:  (1) until ten years after the date on which the person was released from prison or placed on parole, supervised release, or probation; or (2) for the life of the person if that person has two or more convictions for any such offense, has been convicted of aggravated sexual abuse under Federal law or comparable State law, or has been determined to be a sexually violent predator. Sets forth provisions regarding:  (1) verification procedures; and (2) notification of the FBI of changes in residence. Authorizes the FBI to release relevant information concerning a person required to register that is necessary to protect the public, but prohibits the FBI from releasing the identity of any victim of an offense that requires registration. Requires fingerprints to be obtained and verified:  (1) by the FBI or a local law enforcement official, pursuant to regulations issued by the Attorney General, for each person required to register; and (2) in accordance with State requirements in a State that has a minimally sufficient sexual offender registration program (minimally sufficient program). Directs the FBI, if it cannot verify the address of or locate a person required to register, or if it receives notification from a State that the State cannot do so under its program, to:  (1) classify the person as being in violation of the registration requirements of the national database; and (2) add the name of the person to the National Crime Information Center Wanted person file and create a wanted persons record, provided that an arrest warrant which meets the requirements for entry into the file is issued in connection with the violation. Sets forth penalties for knowingly failing to register. Requires disclosure of the information collected by the FBI to: (1) Federal, State, and local criminal justice agencies for law enforcement and community notification purposes; and (2) Federal, State, and local governmental agencies responsible for conducting employment-related background checks for private organizations under the National Child Protection Act. Requires any State not having established a minimally sufficient program:  (1) to notify each offender convicted of covered offenses, upon his or her release from prison or placement on parole, supervised release, or probation, of his or her duty to register; and (2) to notify the FBI of the release of each offender convicted of such offenses. (Sec. 3) Amends the Jacob Wetterling Crimes Against Children and Sexually Violent Offender Registration Act to:  (1) mandate that a person required to register continue to comply with requirements of such Act (except during ensuing periods of incarceration) for life if such individual has one or more prior convictions of a sexually violent offense against a minor (sexually violent offense), has been convicted of an aggravated sexually violent offense, or has been determined to be a sexually violent predator; (2) include victim rights advocates and representatives from law enforcement agencies on the State board that reports to the court regarding determinations that a person is or is no longer a sexually violent predator; (3) provide that each requirement to register also requires the submission of a set of fingerprints; and (4) require such person to include with the verification form fingerprints and a photograph. (Sec. 7) Requires the State law enforcement agency to immediately transmit specified information, including documentation of any treatment received for mental abnormality or personality disorder (currently, limited to conviction data and fingerprints) to the FBI for inclusion in the FBI database. (Sec. 8) Grants State and Federal law enforcement agencies and their employees and State and Federal officials immunity from liability for good faith conduct under this Act. (Sec. 10) Makes States failing to implement the program described in this Act ineligible to receive ten percent of the funds that would otherwise be allocated to the State under the drug control and system improvement grant program.
Child Marriage Violates the Human Rights of Girls Act of 2011 - Defines "child marriage" as the marriage of a girl or boy not yet the minimum age for marriage stipulated in law in the country in which the girl or boy is a resident, or where there is no such law, under the age of 18.

Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) child marriage is a violation of human rights and its prevention and elimination should be a U.S. foreign policy goal; and (2) educational opportunities for girls, economic opportunities for women, and reducing maternal and child mortality are critical to U.S. global health and development objectives, including efforts to prevent HIV/AIDS.

 Directs the Secretary of State, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), and the heads of other relevant departments and agencies to collect and make available data on the incidence of child marriage in specified countries that receive U.S. foreign or development assistance where the practice of child marriage is prevalent.

Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to require that Department of State reports on human rights practices for specified countries include a description of the status of child marriage for each country in which child marriage is prevalent.
Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act of 2017 This bill amends the Public Health Service Act to replace the authorization for a National Congenital Heart Disease Surveillance System with a requirement for the Department of Health and Human Services, regarding congenital heart disease, to enhance and expand research and surveillance infrastructure, and to plan and implement a public outreach and education campaign. (Congenital heart disease is a condition caused by a heart defect that is present at birth.) The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention must conduct: (1) a study of congenital heart disease, from birth to adulthood, that considers health care utilization, demographic factors, and outcomes; and (2) an awareness, outreach, and education campaign regarding congenital heart disease. Data from the study must be made available to the public. The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute must report on its ongoing research efforts regarding congenital heart disease, future plans for such research, and areas of greatest need for such research.
SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2017 This bill directs the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to replace the existing Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training (or SOAR to Health and Wellness Training) program with a pilot program that includes the same functions and additional initiatives. The pilot program must train health care providers and other related providers to: (1) identify potential human trafficking victims, (2) work with law enforcement to report and facilitate communication with such victims, (3) refer victims to social or victims service agencies or organizations, and (4) provide such victims with coordinated care tailored to their circumstances. HHS must report on the number of facilities operating under the pilot program, the number of providers trained through the pilot program, and these numbers for the program operating before the pilot program.
National Discovery Trails Act of 1996 - Amends the National Trails System Act to provide that national discovery trails established under the Act shall be components of the National Trails System.  Provides that such trails shall be extended, continuous interstate trails located so as to provide for outdoor recreation and travel and to connect representative examples of America's trails and communities. 
Designates the 6,000-mile American Discovery Trail (established by this Act) as a national discovery trail.  Provides that the Trail shall extend from Cape Henlopen State Park in Delaware to Point Reyes National Seashore in California, traveling northern and southern routes from Cincinnati, Ohio, to Denver, Colorado.  Exempts the Trail from comprehensive national scenic trail plan requirements under the Act, but requires the responsible nonprofit organization for the Trail to consult certain entities and submit to specified congressional committees, within three fiscal years after this Act's enactment, a comprehensive plan for the protection, management, development, and use of the Trail. 
Provides that the Secretary charged with the overall administration of National Scenic and National Historic Trails shall administer a National Discovery Trail in cooperation with a nonprofit organization.
Millennium Digital Commerce Act - Directs the Federal Government, to the extent practicable, to observe certain principles governing the use of electronic signatures in international commercial transactions, including to: (1) remove paper-based obstacles to electronic transactions by adopting relevant principles from the Model Law on Electronic Commerce adopted in 1996 by the UN Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL); (2) permit parties to a transaction to determine the appropriate authentication technologies for such transactions, with assurance that they will be recognized and enforced; (3) permit such parties to have the opportunity to prove in court that such authentication approaches and transactions are valid; and (4) take a nondiscriminatory approach to electronic signatures and authentication methods from other jurisdictions. 
Declares that an interstate contract transaction shall not be denied legal effect solely because an electronic signature or electronic record was used in its formation. 
Authorizes parties to an interstate transaction to establish the methods by which electronic signatures and electronic records are created, used, and are recognized as valid. 
Directs each Federal agency to report to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the Secretary of Commerce on any provision of law administered, or regulation issued, by it that imposes a barrier to electronic transactions.  Requires the Secretary to report to Congress concerning any legislation needed or Executive or Federal agency action being taken to remove such barriers.
Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act  This bill amends the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to authorize the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to issue one-year permits allowing Washington, Oregon, Idaho, the Nez Perce Tribe, the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation, the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation, the Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission, and the Cowlitz Indian Tribe to kill sea lions in a portion of the Columbia River or certain tributaries in order to protect fish from sea lion predation. Permits may be issued to kill sea lions only if the sea lions are part of a population that is not depleted.  The permits may authorize the lethal taking of 100 sea lions or fewer. The cumulative annual taking of sea lions each year under all such permits is limited to 10% of the annual potential biological removal level.  Permit holders must be trained in natural resource management. These permits are exempted from environmental review requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 for five years. NOAA may suspend the issuance of the permits if, within five years, lethal removal authority is no longer necessary to protect fish from sea lion predation.
First Amendment Defense Act This bill prohibits the federal government from taking discriminatory action against a person on the basis that such person speaks or acts in accordance with a religious belief or moral conviction that: (1) marriage is or should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman or two individuals as recognized under federal law, or (2) sexual relations outside marriage are improper. The bill defines "person" as any person regardless of religious affiliation, except publicly traded for-profit entities; federal employees acting within the scope of their employment; federal for-profit contractors acting within the scope of their contract; or hospitals and other health care entities with respect to visitation, recognition of a designated representative for health care decisions, or refusal to provide medical treatment necessary to cure an illness or injury.
WISEWOMAN Expansion Act of 2005 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to: (1) remove the limit on the number of states that may receive preventive heath services grants; (2) require a competitive review process; and (3) include among the uses for such grants health education, counseling, and interventions for behavioral risk factors and diseases. Authorizes appropriations.
Gift of Life Congressional Medal Act of 2006 - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to design and strike a bronze medal to commemorate organ donors and their families.

Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to direct the entity holding the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network to contract to establish an application procedure and determine eligibility. Allows the Secretary of Health and Human Services or the Network contractor to provide duplicates of the medal to any recipient. Allows the Secretary of the Treasury to enter into an agreement with the Network contractor to collect funds to offset expenditures relating to the issuance of medals, which the Secretary shall deposit in the Numismatic Public Enterprise Fund.
Recognizing Achievement in Classified School Employees Act This bill directs the Department of Education (ED) to grant "Recognizing Inspiring School Employees" awards to classified public school employees, within certain occupational specialties, who provide exemplary service to students in prekindergarten through higher education. ED must annually select an awardee, out of nominations received from states, from any of the following occupational specialties: (1) paraeducator services, (2) clerical and administrative services, (3) transportation services, (4) food and nutrition services, (5) custodial and maintenance services, (6) security services, (7) health and student services, (8) technical services, and (9) skilled trades.
National Park Service 100th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue gold, silver, and half-dollar clad coins in commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the National Park Service (NPS).  Authorizes the issuance of coins under this Act only for a one-year period, beginning on January 1, 2016. Requires all sales of coins minted under this Act to include a surcharge of $35 per gold coin, $10 per silver coin, and $5 per half-dollar clad coin.  Requires all of the surcharges received from the sale of such coins to be paid to the National Park Foundation for projects and programs to help preserve and protect resources under the stewardship of the NPS and to promote public enjoyment and appreciation of those resources.  Prohibits the surcharges paid to the Foundation from being used for land acquisition. 
Recognition of Jerusalem as the Capital of the State of Israel Act- Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) the United States should recognize the sovereign status of an undivided Jerusalem as Israel's capital; (2) recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital and transferring the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv will send a signal of U.S. commitment to Israel; and (3) the Secretary of State should transfer the Embassy to 14 David Flusser Street, Jerusalem, repurpose or sell the Embassy in Tel Aviv, and deposit any sale proceeds in the Asset Management Account of the Department of State.  Amends the Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 to repeal, as of January 1, 2014, the President's authority to waive the limitation on the obligation of funds for acquisition and maintenance of buildings abroad until the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem has officially opened. 
Right to Rent Act of 2010 - Grants eligible mortgagors subject to foreclosure proceedings the right to continue to occupy foreclosed properties subject to the payment of fair market rent for a period of five years that begins upon the commencement of occupancy of such property.

Instructs the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to: (1) monitor compliance with this Act; (2) provide assistance to eligible mortgagors in exercising their rights under this Act; and (3) conduct outreach activities to inform eligible mortgagors of this Act.
Seniors Financial Security Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to repeal the tax on social security and tier 1 railroad retirement benefits.
Taxpayers Right-To-Know Act (Sec. 2) This bill requires that the website of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) include a program inventory that identifies each program of the federal government for which there is more than $1 million in annual budget authority. Such inventory shall include: (1) any activity that is commonly referred to as a program by a federal agency, and (2) any activity that is referenced in law as a program after June 30, 2019.  For programs identified in such inventory for which there is more than $1 million and not more than $10 million in annual budget authority (smaller programs), the inventory must include:   an identification of the program activities that are aggregated, disaggregated, or consolidated as part of identifying programs;  for each such program activity, the amount of funding for the current fiscal year and the previous two fiscal years;  an identification of the statutes that authorize the program and any major regulations specific to the program;  a description of the individuals served by a program and beneficiaries who received financial assistance under a program for the most recent fiscal year; and  links to any evaluation, assessment, or program performance reviews by the agency, an Inspector General, or the Government Accountability Office released during the preceding five years.  For programs identified in such inventory for which there is more than $10 million in annual budget authority (larger programs), the inventory must include:  an identification of the program activities that are aggregated, disaggregated, or consolidated as part of identifying programs; for each program activity, the amount of funding for the current fiscal year and the previous two fiscal years;  an estimate of the amount of funding for the program;  an identification of the statutes that authorize the program and any major regulations specific to the program;  a description and estimate of the number of individuals served by a program and beneficiaries who received financial assistance under a program for the most recent fiscal year;  a description of the federal employees who administer the program and other individuals whose salary is paid in full or in part by the federal government through a grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or another form of financial award or assistance;  links to any evaluation, assessment, or program performance reviews by the agency, an Inspector General, or the Government Accountability Office released during the preceding five years; and  financial and other information for each program activity required to be reported under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006.    The OMB shall: (1) archive and preserve the information included in the program inventory; and (2) not later than February 1 of each fiscal year, publish on a public website the total amount of undisbursed grant funding remaining in grant accounts for which the period of availability to the grantee has expired.  (Sec. 3) The bill requires the OMB, not later than June 30, 2018, to: (1) prescribe guidance to implement this Act, and (2) issue guidance to assist agencies in identifying how the program activities used in budget or appropriations accounts correspond with programs identified in the program inventory required by this Act. The OMB may: (1) issue guidance to agencies to ensure that programs are presented at a similar level of detail across agencies and are not duplicative or overlapping; (2) exempt from the requirements of this Act, based on an analysis of the costs of implementation, agencies that are not required to have a chief financial officer and that have not more than $10 million in budget authority; and (3) extend the Act's implementation deadline by not more than one year.  Implementation of the requirements in this bill must be completed not later than June 30, 2019.  (Sec. 4)&nbsp; No additional funds may be authorized to carry out the requirements in this bill.
Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act of 2011 - Prohibits a state or local jurisdiction from imposing multiple or discriminatory taxes on or with respect to the sale or use of digital goods or services delivered or transferred electronically to a customer. Excludes from the definition of "digital service" telecommunications service, Internet access service, or audio or video programming service.

Restricts taxation of digital goods and services to the retail sale of such goods and services and by the jurisdiction encompassing a customer's tax address.

Prohibits the use of existing regulations or administrative rulings relating to the taxation of tangible personal property or other services to impose any tax on the sale or use of digital goods or services.

 Grants jurisdiction to federal district courts to prevent a violation of this Act, without regard to the amount in controversy or the citizenship of the parties.

Expresses the sense of Congress that each state shall take reasonable steps to prevent multiple taxation of digital goods and services where a foreign country has imposed a tax on such goods and services.
.  Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act TITLE I--COW CREEK UMPQUA LAND CONVEYANCE Cow Creek Umpqua Land Conveyance Act (Sec. 103) This bill requires that 17,519 acres of land be held in trust for, and be part of the reservation of, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians. (Sec. 105) Federal law applies to the export of unprocessed logs harvested from this land and to forest management on this land. Gaming on this land is prohibited.  (Sec. 106) The Department of the Interior must reclassify public domain land as Oregon and California Railroad grant land in equal acreage as grant land held in trust as part of this land. TITLE II--COQUILLE FOREST FAIRNESS Coquille Forest Fairness Act (Sec. 202) This bill amends the Coquille Restoration Act to remove the requirement that Interior manage the Coquille Forest in accordance with state and federal forestry and environmental protection laws. This bill strikes a provision giving the U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon jurisdiction over certain actions concerning the Coquille Forest and limiting remedies to equitable relief. TITLE III--OREGON COASTAL LANDS Oregon Coastal Lands Act (Sec. 303) This bill requires that 14,408 acres of land be held in trust for, and be part of the reservation of, the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians. (Sec. 305) Federal law applies to the export of unprocessed logs harvested from this land and to forest management on this land. Gaming on this land is prohibited. (Sec. 306) Interior must reclassify public domain land as Oregon and California Railroad grant land in equal acreage as grant land held in trust as part of this land.
Small Business and Financial Institutions Tax Relief Act of 2001 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code, with respect to S corporations, to, among other things: (1) permit a trust constituting an individual retirement account as an S corporation bank shareholder; (2) exclude certain investment income from the definition of passive income for an S corporation bank; (3) increase the maximum number of shareholders a small business organization may have to be eligible to elect S corporation treatment; (4) state that stock held by a bank director as required by banking regulations (director qualifying stock) shall not be considered a disqualifying second class of S corporation stock; (5) direct the Secretary of the Treasury to modify a certain regulation to permit an S corporation bank to treat certain bad debt deductions as built-in losses during the entire period during which the bank recognized built-in gains from changing its accounting method for recognizing bad debts from the reserve method to the charge-off method; (6) include all banks within the three-year deduction preference rule; (7) reduce from 100 percent to 90 percent the percentage of shares held by shareholders necessary for consent to election by a small business organization to be an S corporation; (8) revise exceptions to the criteria for the treatment of certain wholly owned subchapter S subsidiaries with reference to required information returns; and (9) permit S corporations to make charitable contributions of inventory and scientific property.
American Space Access Act - Requires the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to annually fly at least two Space Shuttle missions for crew transport into space, instead of purchasing Russian crew and cargo services, for the period beginning in 2010 and ending: (1) in 2015; (2) when the Orion crew exploration vehicle is operational; or (3) when NASA has certified the safe operation of an available U.S. commercial capability, whichever occurs first.



Directs NASA, not later than March 31, 2011, to investigate areas of reduced operations and enhanced cost savings and implement those that do not impinge on the safe operation of the Space Shuttle program.

Requires NASA to report to Congress on: (1) the costs and actions needed to extend the operation of the Space Shuttle in accordance with this Act; and (2) the amount of funding needed to expedite the schedule of the Orion crew exploration vehicle and the Ares I crew exploration vehicle and associated ground support systems under the Constellation program.
Preserving Patient Access to Physicians Act of 2005 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act with respect to payment for physicians' services to: (1) eliminate the sustainable growth rate payment update system; and (2) establish in its place an update to the single conversion factor for 2006 of at least 2.7 percent, and a formula for an update to the single conversion factor for years beginning with 2007.

Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in calculating the formula for the single conversion factor, to establish an input price index and estimate annually a productivity adjustment factor.
Vests in the United States all right, title, and interest to, and the right to immediate possession of, the Mt. Soledad Veterans Memorial in San Diego, California, to provide for its preservation as a national war memorial honoring veterans.

Requires the United States to pay just compensation to the current owner of such property.

Prohibits expanding the Memorial's boundaries, upon acquisition by the United States.
Native American Small Business Development Act - Amends the Small Business Act to authorize a Small Business Development Center in an eligible State to apply for an additional Small Business Administration grant to be used solely to provide specified services to assist with outreach, development, and enhancement on Indian lands of small business startups and expansions that are owned by Indian tribe members, Alaska Natives, or Native Hawaiians (members and Natives) and that are located in Alaska or Hawaii, or on Indian lands in the 48 contiguous States. Defines an eligible State as one in which such members, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians comprise at least one percent of its population. Limits each recipient to $300,000 in such grants in a fiscal year. Authorizes appropriations.Requires a State receiving a small business development center program grant to request the advice of the governing bodies of Indian tribes, corporations organized pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act and other Alaska Native entities, and Native Hawaiian organizations, as appropriate, on how best to provide assistance to such members, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians and where to locate satellite centers to provide such assistance.
Baseline Reform Act of 2015  This bill amends the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to change the assumptions used in calculating the baseline for discretionary spending, which is the spending that is provided and controlled by appropriations bills.  The baseline is a projection of federal spending and receipts during the fiscal year under current law. It is used by the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) and the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to estimate the cost of legislation and produce other budget projections.  The bill requires the baseline to cover a ten-year period and changes the assumptions the CBO and the OMB must use to project discretionary spending. It eliminates adjustments required under current law for inflation, expiring housing contracts, social insurance administrative expenses, and changes in federal pay and other benefits. By removing these adjustments, the bill requires the baseline to assume that discretionary spending will continue without an increase or a decrease to account for these factors.  The bill also requires the CBO to annually submit to the congressional budget committees by July 1 the Long-Term Budget Outlook for the fiscal year beginning on October 1 and at least the next 40 fiscal years. 
Full Faith and Credit for Child Support Orders Act - Amends the Federal judicial code to declare that State authorities shall enforce any child support order according to its terms and shall not modify it, except in certain circumstances, if such order is made consistent with this Act by another State court. 
Confers continuing, exclusive jurisdiction upon the court of a State which has made such child support order and which is either the child's State or the State of one of the contestants. 
Authorizes a State court to modify a child support order made by the court of another State if:  (1) it  has jurisdiction to make such an order; and (2) the court of the other State no longer has continuing, exclusive jurisdiction because it is no longer the child's State or the residence of any contestant or each contestant has filed written consent for the State to modify the order and assume continuing, exclusive jurisdiction of such order. 
Grants the court of a State which no longer has continuing, exclusive jurisdiction of a child support order authority to enforce it with respect to non-modifiable obligations and unsatisfied obligations which accrued before the date on which a modification was made by another State in accordance with this Act.
Missouri River Enhancement and Monitoring Act of 2004 - Directs the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Biological Resources Division of the U.S. Geological Survey, to establish a program at the River Studies Center of the Biological Resources Division to: (1) determine and monitor the biological and chemical characteristics of the Missouri River; (2) determine and monitor the interrelationship of those characteristics with the hydrology and geomorphology of the River; and (3) monitor and assess the biota, including threatened or endangered species, habitats, and water quality of the River.

 Directs the Secretary of the Interior (the Secretary) to: (1) establish a database on River biota; and (2) make such database readily available to specified entities, including the Governors of affected States, the Secretaries of Agriculture and the Army, the Fish and Wildlife Service, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Missouri River Basin Indian tribes, and the public. Requires the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Geological Survey, to: (1) review the program; (2) establish and revise the program's objectives, as necessary; and (3) report to Congress on the environmental health of the River.
Building a Health Care Workforce for the Future Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to award matching grants to enable states to implement scholarship programs to ensure an adequate supply of health professionals. Authorizes the Secretary to award grants to assist medical schools in developing and strengthening primary care mentorship programs and cultivating leaders in primary care among its students. Requires the Secretary to award grants to medical and other health professions schools to promote priority competencies that are selected annually by the Advisory Committee on Training in Primary Care Medicine and Dentistry, in order to foster curricular innovations to improve the education and training of health care providers. Directs the Institute of Medicine to study the documentation requirements for cognitive services (evaluation and management services) required under Medicare and Medicaid and through private health insurers. 
Family Tax Relief Act of 2008 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) increase and make refundable the tax credit for employment-related dependent care expenses; and (2) increase and make permanent the tax deduction for certain expenses of elementary and secondary school teachers.

Makes permanent provisions of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 which allow: (1) an expanded tax credit for adoption expenses; and (2) an increased exclusion from the gross income of employees for employer-paid adoption expenses.
Family and Medical Leave Enhancement Act of 2005 - Amends the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA) to cover employees at worksites that employ fewer than 50 employees, but not fewer than 25 employees. Continues to exempt from FMLA coverage employees at worksites that employ fewer than 25 employees (currently 50), if the total number of employees employed by that employer within 75 miles of that worksite is fewer than 25 (currently 50).

Allows all employees covered by FMLA to take up to 4 hours during any 30-day period, and up to 24 hours during any 12-month period, of parental involvement leave to participate in or attend their children's or grandchildren's educational and extracurricular activities. Amends Federal civil service law to apply such parental involvement leave allowance to Federal employees.

Includes under FMLA entitlement leave for transporting children and grandchildren to medical and dental appointments and for visiting elderly relatives in nursing or group homes.
 Amends the Safe and Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act to require: (1) states to use grants for safe and drug-free schools to collect and report information on the incidence of bullying and harassment, and (2) local educational agencies (LEAs) and schools to use subgrants to prevent and respond to incidents of bullying and harassment. Requires such LEAs or schools to: (1) notify parents and students annually of conduct prohibited in their school discipline policies, that now must include bullying and harassment; and (2) establish complaint procedures for students and parents to register complaints regarding such conduct. Includes bullying and harassment within the Act's definition of violence.
Domestic Violence Community Response Team Act of 1995 - Prescribes guidelines under which the Secretary of Health and Human Services is authorized to:  (1) award grants for community response teams to assist in domestic violence prevention; and (2) award contracts for technical assistance centers. 
Authorizes appropriations.
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  Defense 
     Title II:  Other Discretionary Accounts 
     Title III:  Entitlements 
Title I:  Defense
 - Directs the Secretary of Defense to reduce: (1) by FY 2004 the Department of Defense (DOD) strategic nuclear force to include a maximum of 300 Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missiles; and (2) DOD theater missile defense programs by terminating the Navy sea-based area theater missile defense system, the Army Medium Extended Air Defense System, the Air Force airborne laser for destruction of missiles system, and the Space and Missile Tracking System. 
(Sec. 102) Prohibits funds from being appropriated to DOD for fiscal years after 1998 for the production of Trident II (D-5) missiles for the Navy.  Requires the Secretary to retire eight Trident I submarines during FY 2001 through 2004. 
(Sec. 103) Prohibits funds from being appropriated to DOD for fiscal years after 1998 for:  (1) assistance to Israel for development of the Arrow missile; and (2) research, development, test, and evaluation or for procurement for the Marine Corps V-22 Osprey aircraft program. 
(Sec. 105) Requires the Secretary to retire 20 Air Force KC-135E aircraft during each of FY 1999 through 2003. 
(Sec. 106) Directs the Secretary to assign to a unit of the armed forces members who are:  (1) in transit during a scheduled move from one military installation to another; or (2) undergoing military training other than basic training. 
(Sec. 107) Amends the Arms Export Control Act to provide that any sale of major defense equipment approved under such Act shall include an appropriate charge for costs incurred by the United States in the research, development, and production of such equipment.  Provides an exception.  Repeals a provision of such Act which allows for the recovery of certain administrative expenses when such expenses are neither salaries of U.S. armed forces nor unfunded estimated costs of civilian retirement and other benefits. 
Title II:  Other Discretionary Accounts
 - Requires the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to terminate U.S. participation in the International Space Station program.   Authorizes appropriations for termination costs. 
(Sec. 202) Amends the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 to require the interest rates on loans and advances under such Act to equal the coupon equivalent yield on Treasury obligations of comparable maturity at the most recent Treasury auction.  Provides for loan origination fees from borrowers of loans made under such Act. 
Eliminates references to existing interest rates under such Act. 
(Sec. 203) Amends the National Forest Management Act of 1976 to eliminate below-cost timber sales from National Forest System lands. 
(Sec. 204) Repeals provisions of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 regarding the foreign market development cooperator program. 
(Sec. 205) Repeals provisions of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 regarding the Cochran Fellowship Program. 
(Sec. 206) Prohibits the NASA Administrator from obligating funds for the Advanced Subsonic Technology Program, High-Speed Research, or the National Aeronautics Facility. 
(Sec. 207) Repeals the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965 effective September 30, 1998. 
(Sec. 208) Amends the Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 to prohibit the authorization of appropriations to carry out such Act after September 30, 1998. 
Title III:  Entitlements
 - Requires, for any arrangement for the sale of electric power entered into by a Federal Power Marketing Administration after October 1, 1998, that:  (1) the rate for the sale of power be the market rate established by competitive bidding and no discount be provided to any purchaser; and (2) no entity be entitled to any preference or priority right to contract for or purchase such power. 
Makes certain provisions of the Pacific Northwest Electric Power Planning and Conservation Act regarding a residential power exchange program inapplicable to arrangements for the purchase or sale of electric power entered into after October 1, 1998. 
Prohibits Federal Power Marketing Administrations from entering into or renewing a power marketing contract for a term that exceeds five years. 
(Sec. 302) Repeals provisions of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 regarding a market access program. 
(Sec. 303) Amends the Agricultural Act of 1949 to extend and increase tobacco price support program marketing assessments on producers, purchasers, and importers. 
(Sec. 304) Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the payment of in-school interest by certain student loan borrowers. 
(Sec. 305) Amends Federal veterans' provisions to increase from $2 to $5 the prescription drug copayment required from certain veterans. Extends such requirement through FY 2003.
Seasoned Customer CTR Exemption Act of 2008 - Amends federal money and finance law to: (1) repeal certain discretionary exemptions of depository institutions from currency transaction reporting (CTR) requirements; and (2) instruct the Secretary of the Treasury to prescribe regulations that exempt any depository institution from filing certain mandatory reports of currency transactions with a qualified customer.

Defines qualified customer as any person that: (1) is incorporated or organized under federal or state law, including a sole proprietorship, or is registered as and eligible to do business within the United States or a state; and (2) has maintained a deposit account with the depository institution for at least two months, or has engaged, using such account, in multiple currency transactions subject to federal CTR requirements.

Requires such regulations to require a depository institution to file a one-time notice of designation of exemption for each of its qualified customers.

Authorizes the Secretary to: (1) suspend, reject, or revoke any qualified customer exemption notice; and (2) set conditions under which exempt qualified customers of an insured depository institution that is merged with, or acquired by another insured depository institution, will continue to be treated as designated exempt qualified customers of the surviving or acquiring institution.

Revises certain mandatory exemptions from CTR requirements. Requires the Secretary to exempt a depository institution from domestic CTR requirements without requiring the depository institution to either file a notice of designation of exemption, or to annually review the information supporting the exemption, with respect to transactions between the depository institution and specified categories of entities.

Specifies additions to such categories of entities.

Permits a depository institution to elect to report such exempted transactions without being subject to any penalty, liability, enforcement remedy, or supervisory criticism for such reporting.
Prohibits the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from controlling the consumption, production, importation, or export of methyl bromide for pesticide use, except:  (1) as required by the Montreal Protocol of all parties; or (2) upon a Department of Agriculture certification of appropriate alternatives or substitutes.
Puget Sound Recovery Act of 2008 - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (commonly known as the Clean Water Act) to direct the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to establish a Puget Sound Program Office, to be located in the state of Washington and headed by a Director who shall assist the management conference convened for Puget Sound in carrying out its goals.

Requires the Director to: (1) assist and support the implementation of the comprehensive conservation and management plan developed by the conference ("Comprehensive Plan"); (2) coordinate the major functions of the federal government related to the implementation of the Comprehensive Plan; (3) carry out studies and research necessary for strengthened implementation of the Comprehensive Plan; (4) coordinate and manage environmental data related to Puget Sound; (5) coordinate the grant, research, and planning programs authorized under this Act; (6) coordinate activities for the protection of Puget Sound and the Georgia Straits with Canadian authorities and responsibilities, including under species recovery plans, through cooperation with other federal agencies that have jurisdiction in the Puget Sound watershed; and (7) collect and make available to the public information relating to the environmental quality of Puget Sound.

Requires a biennial report to Congress on the implementation of the Comprehensive Plan.

Allows the Administrator to make grants for projects and studies that will help implement the Comprehensive Plan and for projects to address sewage and stormwater discharges into the Puget Sound watershed.

Requires the President, as part of the annual budget, to submit information regarding expenditures and roles of each federal agency involved in Puget Sound protection and restoration.
Lake Traverse Reservation Heirship Act of 2007 - Amends federal Indian law to provide for the inheritance of small fractional interests within the Lake Traverse Indian Reservation.
Names Quinebaug- Shetucket Heritage Corridor, Inc. the management entity for the Corridor, with authority to make grants, enter into cooperative agreements with, or provide technical assistance to the States, local governments, nonprofit organizations, and other persons to further the goals set forth in the management plan adopted by the Governor of Connecticut on February 16, 1999.
Requires the management entity to amend its by-laws to add the Governors of Connecticut and of Massachusetts (or their designees) as voting members of its Board of Directors.
Requires the Secretary of the Interior to enter into a compact with the management entity.
Prohibits the use of Federal funds received under such Act to acquire real property or any interest in real property.
Terminates the Secretary's authority to make grants or provide any assistance at the end of FY 2009.
Specifies regional planning organizations in Massachusetts which shall be involved in preserving the Corridor and ensuring appropriate use of lands and structures throughout it.
Increases the authorization of appropriations, and makes it permanent, although with a maximum total that may be appropriated overall.
Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2010 - Amends the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005 to revise the National Cord Blood Inventory Program, including to: (1) remove the cap of 150,000 new units of cord blood to be made available for transplantation under the Program; and (2) require an application under the Program to include a plan for, and demonstration of, ongoing measurable progress toward achieving self-sufficiency of cord blood unit collection and banking operations.

Extends financial support provided under the Program for an additional five years. (Current law allows financial support for a maximum of ten years.) Sets forth requirements for such an extension, including that a qualified cord blood bank demonstrate a superior ability to satisfy the requirements of such Program and achieve the overall goals for which the contract was awarded.

Redefines the term "first-degree relative" to exclude a parent.

Reauthorizes appropriations for FY2011-FY2015 for the collection or maintenance of cord blood.

Amends the Public Health Service Act to revise the requirements of the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program to: (1) require studies and projects under such Program to include exploring novel approaches or incentives to expand the number of cord blood unit collection sites partnering with federally-supported cord blood banks; and (2) revise privacy provisions to protect the privacy of patients and donors in accordance with federal and state law. Reauthorizes appropriations for such Program for FY2011-FY2015.

Directs the Comptroller General to submit a report to the relevant congressional committees and the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) that reviews studies, demonstration programs, and outreach efforts to increase cord blood unit donation and collection.
Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Amendments Act of 2003 - Amends the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Act of 1998 to reauthorize and revise its provisions.

(Sec. 2) Makes permanent the Inter-Agency Task Force on Harmful Algal Blooms and Hypoxia (Task Force) (by repealing a provision which authorizes the President to disestablish it after it submits a specified plan).

(Sec. 3) Requires the President, in conjunction with State Governors, to develop and submit to Congress a Prediction and Response Plan to protect environmental and public health from impacts of harmful algal blooms. Requires the plan to be submitted to Congress within 12 months after enactment of this Act. Specifies plan, publication and Federal assistance requirements. (Sec. 4) Requires the Secretary of Commerce, in coordination with the Task Force, to provide for local and regional assessments of hypoxia and harmful algal blooms, as requested by coastal States, Indian tribes, and local governments. Provides guidelines for such assessments. Directs the Task Force to complete and submit to Congress scientific assessments of: (1) Great Lakes harmful algal blooms; and (2) hypoxia in U.S. coastal waters including the Great Lakes. Requires such hypoxia assessments to continue to be completed by the Task Force and submitted to Congress at least once every five years after the first one. (Sec. 5) Extends the authorization of appropriations under the Act to the Secretary of Commerce for research, education, and monitoring activities related to the prevention, reduction, and control of harmful algal blooms and hypoxia. Allocates such funding among the following programs: (1) National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) research and assessment activities at the research laboratories of the National Ocean Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service; (2) Ecology and Oceanography of Harmful Algal Blooms (ECOHAB) project under the Coastal Ocean Program, with a certain portion to conduct the scientific assessment of Great Lakes harmful algal blooms; (3) NOAA's National Ocean Service to conduct peer-reviewed research on management measures that can be taken to prevent, reduce, control, and mitigate harmful algal blooms; (4) Federal and State annual monitoring and analysis activities for harmful algal blooms administered by the National Ocean Service; (5) activities related to research and monitoring on hypoxia by the National Ocean Service and NOAA's Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research; and (6) conducting of the Local and Regional Assessments (by the Secretary, in coordination with the Task Force).
Ensuring Veterans' Resiliency Act - Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a three-year pilot program to repay loans used to finance education regarding psychiatric medicine that are obtained from a governmental entity, private financial institution, school, or other authorized entity. Requires an individual, to be eligible to obtain such a loan repayment, to: (1) be either licensed (or eligible for licensure) to practice psychiatric medicine in the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) or enrolled in the final year of a residency program leading to a specialty qualification in psychiatric medicine that is approved by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education; and (2) demonstrate a commitment to a long-term career as a psychiatrist in the VHA, including through a period of obligated service. Directs the Secretary to select at least 10 individuals to participate in each year of the program.  Allows a loan repayment to consist of payment of the principal, interest, and related expenses of such a loan. Prohibits the Secretary from paying more than $60,000 on behalf of the individual for each year of obligated service the individual agrees to serve. Makes an individual who participates in the pilot program who fails to satisfy the service commitment liable for prorated loan repayment.  Prohibits an individual who is participating in any other federal program that repays his or her educational loans from participating in the program under this Act.  Directs the Comptroller General (GAO) to conduct a study of pay disparities among VHA psychiatrists.
National Collegiate Athletics Accountability Act or the NCAA Act - Amends title IV (Student Assistance) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require schools that have an intercollegiate athletic program and are participating in title IV programs to abstain from membership in a nonprofit athletic association unless the association:  requires annual baseline concussion testing of student athletes on the active roster of teams participating in contact/collision or limited-contact/impact sports before they participate in any contact drills or activities; holds remedies for violations of its policies in abeyance until the schools and student athletes subject to those remedies have been afforded certain due process procedures; requires athletically-related student aid provided to student athletes who play contact/collision sports to be guaranteed for the duration of their attendance at the school, up to four years, and irrevocable for reasons related to skill or injury; and does not prevent schools from paying stipends to student athletes.  Makes title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 inapplicable to any activity carried out by an institution of higher education to guarantee the continuance of student aid for student athletes in compliance with such membership requirements. (Title IX prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex or visual impairment under any education program that receives federal funds.)
Nurse Loan Forgiveness Act of 2006 - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 (HEA) to include, under HEA student loan forgiveness and cancellation programs, nurses who serve at least one calendar year in an approved health care facility or setting.

Limits the maximum amount of such loan repayment by the Secretary of Education to not more than $2,000 after the first year of such a nurse's employment, with incremental increases after the second through fourth years, up to $5,000 after the fifth year of such employment.
Chinook Nation Restoration Act - Extends federal recognition to the Chinook Indian Nation. Makes the Chinook Tribe and its members eligible for all services and benefits provided by the government to federally recognized tribes regardless of the existence of a reservation or the location of residence of any member on or near any Indian reservation. Designates specified counties in Washington and Oregon as the Tribe's service area for delivery of federal services to enrolled members.

Requires the Tribe to: (1) submit to the Secretary of the Interior a membership roll; and (2) conduct, by secret ballot, an election to adopt a constitution and bylaws. Directs the Secretary: (1) if the Tribe transfers all rights to land to the Secretary, to take such land in trust for the Tribe's benefit, subject to restrictions; (2) to negotiate with the tribal governing body regarding establishing a reservation; and (3) to develop a plan for doing so.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) notify and consult with all appropriate state officials and owners of land adjacent to those considered for the proposed reservation; and (2) provide complete information on the proposed plan to such officials. Requires submission of the plan to Congress upon approval by the tribal governing body.

Requires any real property transferred by the Tribe or any member to the Secretary to be held in the name of the United States for the Tribe's benefit. Prohibits the exercise of eminent domain for purposes of acquiring lands for the Tribe's benefit.

Allows and regulates ceremonial hunting and fishing in specified Washington counties.
Revises Federal law regarding pay and allowances of the uniformed services to provide that a member of the U.S. armed forces sentenced by a court-martial to a dishonorable discharge is not entitled to pay and allowances for any period of confinement after the adjournment of the court-martial.  Specifies that if such sentence is disapproved, mitigated, changed, or set aside by an authorized official, such prohibition shall cease to apply to the member on the basis of that sentence, and the member shall be entitled to receive pay and allowances retroactive to the date of the sentence. 
Amends the Federal criminal code to provide that whoever, while serving with, employed by, or accompanying the armed forces outside of the United States, engages in conduct that would constitute an offense punishable by imprisonment for more than one year if such conduct had occurred within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, shall be guilty of a like offense and subject to a like punishment.  Sets forth provisions regarding concurrent jurisdiction, action by foreign governments, and arrests.  Authorizes the delivery to authorities of foreign countries of persons alleged to have engaged in such conduct under specified circumstances. 
Directs the Secretary of the military department having jurisdiction of the armed force of a member, at the time such member is discharged or released, to transmit to the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) a copy of records of any penal actions taken against the member under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. 
Requires:  (1) any person convicted of a crime of a sexual nature under the Code, prior to military discharge, to transmit to such Secretary a sample of blood, saliva, or other specimen collected from that person necessary to conduct DNA analysis; and (2) each sample to be transmitted in a timely manner to the Director for inclusion in the FBI's Combined DNA Identification System.
End Discriminatory State Taxes for Automobile Renters Act of 2009 - Prohibits states or local governments from levying or collecting a discriminatory tax (generally, a tax or tax assessment that is applicable to the rental of motor vehicles or motor vehicle businesses or property, but not to the majority of other rentals of tangible personal property within a state or locality) on the rental of motor vehicles, motor vehicle rental businesses, or motor vehicle rental property.
Crackdown on Deadbeat Dealers Act of 2003 - Amends the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to increase the number of allowed inspections for compliance with record-keeping requirements by firearms dealers to not more than three times (currently, once) during any 12-month period.Increases penalties for: (1) knowingly making false statements or furnishing false or misrepresented identification regarding any fact material to the lawfulness of the sale or other disposition of such firearm or ammunition; or (2) making false entries in, or failing to properly maintain, required firearms records.Authorizes the Attorney General to suspend a firearms dealer's license and to assess a civil penalty of up to $10,000 for firearms violations, including failure to have secure gun storage or safety devices (current penalties are limited to license revocation).Permits any licensed firearms dealer who is indicted for a felony to continue to operate until the date of conviction (currently, until the conviction becomes final).Authorizes appropriations for the hiring and training of 500 additional inspectors for the Department of Justice's Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives.
Authorizes appropriations for certain population planning activities.
Prohibits the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, in determining eligibility of nongovernmental and multilateral organizations for population planning assistance or other population assistance under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, from applying requirements to such organizations more restrictive than requirements applicable to foreign governments for such assistance.
Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act - Amends the Equal Access to Justice Act and the federal judicial code to require the Chairman of the Administrative Conference of the United States to submit to Congress and make publicly available on an Internet website an annual report on the amount of fees and other expenses awarded to prevailing parties other than the United States in certain administrative proceedings and civil action court cases (excluding tort cases) to which the United States is a party, including settlement agreements. Requires such reports to describe the number, nature, and amount of the awards, the claims involved in the controversy, and any other relevant information that may aid Congress in evaluating the scope and impact of such awards. Directs the Chairman to create and maintain a searchable database on an Internet website containing specified information with respect to each award, including:   if available, the case name and number of, as well as a hyperlink to, any case in which the party other than the agency is not an individual;  the name of the agency involved;  for an award to an individual, a statement that excludes any personally identifiable information but indicates that the award was made to an individual;  for an award made to a party other than an individual, the name of the party; the amount of the award; and the basis for finding that the position of the agency concerned was not substantially justified.  Directs the head of each agency (including, with respect to court cases, the Attorney General [DOJ] and the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts) to provide the Chairman all information requested to produce such reports.
Supporting Academic Freedom through Regulatory Relief Act - (Sec. 2) Repeals certain Department of Education regulations that for purposes of determining whether a school is eligible to participate in programs under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (HEA): (1) require institutions of higher education (IHEs) and postsecondary vocational institutions (except religious schools) to be legally authorized by the state in which they are situated, (2) delineate what such legal authorization requires of states and schools, (3) impose standards and disclosure requirements on programs that prepare students for gainful employment in a recognized occupation, and (4) define "credit hour."  Restores regulations that were in effect on June 30, 2011, but were amended by the regulations that this Act repeals. Prohibits the Secretary of Education from promulgating or enforcing any regulation or rule not in effect on the date of this Act's enactment regarding: (1) the state authorization for IHEs to operate within a state, or (2) the definition or application of the term &quot;gainful employment.&quot; Ends that prohibition when a law is enacted that extends by at least two fiscal years the authorization or duration of one or more programs under the HEA. Prohibits the Secretary from promulgating or enforcing any regulation or rule that defines "credit hour" for any purpose under the HEA. (Sec. 3) Amends title IV (Student Assistance) of the HEA to authorize nonprofit IHEs to make payments to third-party entities for services that include student recruitment and are based on the amount of tuition that the IHE generates from student enrollment if the third-party entity: (1) is not affiliated with the IHE, (2) does not provide incentive payments to its employees for their success in enrolling students or securing financial aid for them, (3) is not paid by the IHE solely or separately for student recruitment services, and (4) will not make student recruitment information available to any other person or entity.
Quit Smoking for Life Act of 2008 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to cover diagnostic, therapy, and counseling services, furnished by or under a physician's supervision, for cessation of tobacco use. Provides for payment of 80% of the lesser of the actual charge or the fee schedule amount. Eliminates the deductible.

Includes tobacco cessation agents as covered drugs under Medicare part D (Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program).

Amends SSA titles V (Maternal and Child Health Services) and XIX (Medicaid) also to cover counseling and medication for cessation of tobacco use. Requires inclusion of anti-tobacco messages in health promotion counseling as part of quality maternal and child health services.
Seasonal Influenza and Pandemic Preparation Act of 2009 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish a national voluntary influenza vaccination program for adults and children under which any individual may receive an influenza vaccine at no cost at any federally qualified health center, public or private hospital, physician office, clinic, or other entity determined appropriate by the Secretary. Sets forth provisions governing reimbursements for the costs of administering such vaccines. Declares that participation by an entity in such program is voluntary.

Requires the Secretary to award grants to state and local health departments, public hospitals, and other entities to facilitate the establishment of influenza vaccination programs in partnerships with private entities, including pharmacies and private employers. Requires vaccines provided under a grant to be at no cost to the individual. Authorizes an entity participating in the grant program to seek reimbursement from the Secretary.

Requires the Secretary to award grants to facilitate the development of influenza vaccination programs for students and families of students in partnership with local primary and secondary educational institutions.

Directs the Secretary, under Medicare, Medicaid, and the State Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP, formerly known as SCHIP), to develop an immunization plan with immunization target numbers for the respective populations served under such programs. Requires the Secretary to provide bonus payments to eligible health care providers and other entities who meet immunization targets established by the Secretary in such plans.

Requires the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to establish and implement a national public affairs campaign to increase influenza immunization rates.
International Protecting Girls by Preventing Child Marriage Act of 2009 - Authorizes the President to provide assistance, including through multilateral, nongovernmental, and faith-based organizations, to prevent child marriage in developing countries and to promote the educational, health, economic, social, and legal empowerment of girls and women. Sets forth priority assistance criteria.

Directs the President, through the Secretary of State, to establish a multi-year strategy to prevent child marriage in developing countries and to promote the empowerment of girls at risk of child marriage. Sets forth strategy elements.

Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to require that Department of State country reports on human rights practices include a description of the status of child marriage for countries with specified rates of child marriage.

Defines "child marriage" as the marriage of a girl or boy not yet the minimum age for marriage stipulated in law in the country in which the girl or boy is a resident.
Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act of 2005 - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to deny an application for a new animal drug that is a critical antimicrobial animal drug unless the applicant demonstrates that there is a reasonably certainty of no harm to human health due to the development of antimicrobial resistance attributable to the nontherapeutic use of the drug. Defines "critical antimicrobial animal drug" as a drug intended for use in food-producing animals that contains specified antibiotics or other drugs used in humans to treat or prevent disease or infection caused by microorganisms.

Requires the Secretary to withdraw approval of a nontherapeutic use of such drugs in food-producing animals two years after the date of enactment of this Act unless certain safety requirements are met.

Requires the manufacturer of such a drug or an animal feed for food-producing animals containing such a drug to report sales information to the Secretary.
Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to require employers of H-1B (specialty occupations) nonimmigrants to use one of three specified methods (whichever results in the highest wages) to determine wages for purposes of required wage attestations.

Requires such employers who previously employed one or more H-1B nonimmigrants to submit with their labor condition application (LCA) a copy of the W-2 Wage and Tax Statement filed with respect to those nonimmigrants.

Extends from 90 to 180 days the period during which certain employers of H-1B nonimmigrants must show nondisplacement of U.S. workers. Requires such employers to actively engage in recruitment efforts. Prohibits such employers from placing, outsourcing, leasing, or otherwise contracting for the placement of an H-1B nonimmigrant with another employer, regardless of whether the other employer is H-1B dependent.

Requires the Secretary of Labor to be responsible for investigations of wage complaints and allegations of fraud in the filing of LCAs.

Authorizes the Secretary to: (1) conduct surveys of employer compliance with labor condition requirements; and (2) conduct annual compliance audits of employers employing H-1B nonimmigrants. Requires annual compliance audits in cases where H-1B nonimmigrants comprise 15 percent or more of an employer's total number of employees.

Makes permanent the employer fee applicable to H-1B petitions.

Creates a private right of action for persons harmed by an employer's violation of labor condition requirements.
Domestic Partnership Benefits and Obligations Act of 2007 - Provides that a federal employee and his or her domestic partner shall be entitled to benefits available to, and shall be subject to obligations imposed upon, a married federal employee and his or her spouse.

Defines "domestic partner" to mean an adult unmarried person living with another adult unmarried person of the same sex in a committed, intimate relationship. Defines "benefits" to include federal health insurance and enhanced dental and vision benefits, retirement and disability benefits, family, medical, and emergency leave, group life insurance, long-term care insurance, compensation for work injuries, and benefits for disability, death, or captivity. Excludes members of the uniformed services from the definition of "employee."

Sets forth requirements for filing: (1) an affidavit of eligibility as such a domestic partner, which shall include a certification that the employee and the domestic partner are each other's sole domestic partners and intend to remain so indefinitely; and (2) a statement upon dissolution of such a domestic partnership.
Southern California Groundwater Remediation Act - Establishes within the Treasury the Southern California Groundwater Remediation Fund, which shall be used by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Reclamation, to provide grants to a local water authority within the natural watershed of the Santa Ana River in California for the federal share of costs associated with designing and constructing groundwater remediation projects.

Prohibits the Secretary from obligating any funds appropriated to the Fund in a fiscal year until the Secretary has deposited a matching amount provided by non-federal interests of at least 35 percent for a project. Makes each authority responsible for providing the required non-federal amount. Directs the Secretary to credit the appropriate authority with the value of all prior compatible expenditures by non-federal interests made after January 1, 2000.

Authorizes appropriations. Terminates this Act ten years after the enactment date.
Attorney-Client Privilege Protection Act of 2006 - Amends the federal criminal code to prohibit any U.S. agent or attorney, in any federal investigation or criminal or civil enforcement matter, from demanding, requesting, or conditioning treatment on the disclosure by an organization (or affiliated person) of any communication protected by the attorney-client privilege or any attorney work product.

Prohibits a U.S. agent or attorney from conditioning a civil or criminal charging decision relating to an organization (or affiliated person) on one or more specified actions, or from using one or more such actions as a factor in determining whether an organization or affiliated person is cooperating with the government.

Numbers among the actions a U.S. agent or attorney may not use as a charging decision condition or a cooperation-determining factor: (1) any valid assertion of the attorney-client privilege or privilege for attorney work product; (2) the provision of counsel to, or contribution to the legal defense fees or expenses of, an employee of the organization; (3) entry into a joint-defense, information-sharing, or common-interest agreement with an employee of the organization if the organization determines it has a common interest in defending against the investigation or enforcement matter; (4) the sharing of relevant information with an employee; or (5) a failure to terminate an employee's employment, or otherwise sanction an employee, because of the employee's decision to exercise his or her constitutional rights or other legal protections in response to a government request.

Prohibits a U.S. agent or attorney from demanding or requesting that an organization or an affiliated person not take any such action.
Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018   (Sec. 3) This bill states that it shall be U.S. policy to regard the prevention of genocide and other atrocities as in its national security interests.   (Sec. 4) The Foreign Service Act of 1980 is amended to provide for the training of Foreign Service officers in recognizing patterns of escalation and early warning signs of potential atrocities or violence, including gender-based violence, and methods of conflict assessment, peace building, and early response.  (Sec. 5) The President shall report to Congress regarding U.S. actions to prevent and respond to potential genocides and mass atrocities and countries and regions at risk of atrocities, including descriptions of potential perpetrators and target groups.
Campus Fire Safety Right-to-Know Act of 2001 - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require each eligible institution participating in any program under title IV (Student Assistance) to: (1) prepare, publish, and distribute to all current students and employees, and to any applicant for enrollment or employment upon request, an annual fire safety report which discloses specified types of information about that institution's campus fire safety standards and practices; (2) make periodic reports to the campus community on fires and false alarms that are reported to local fire departments, to aid in preventing similar occurrences; and (3) submit annually to the Secretary of Education a copy of statistics on campus occurrences of fires and false fire alarms.Directs the Secretary to: (1) review such statistics; (2) make copies available to the public; (3) identify exemplary fire safety policies, procedures, and practices, and disseminate information concerning those policies, procedures, and practices that have proven effective in the reduction of campus fires; and (4) report to the Congress analyses of the current status of fire safety systems in college and university facilities, and of the appropriate fire safety standards to apply to these facilities, as well as cost estimates and recommendations.
Child Support Enforcement Act - Declares that nothing in this Act should be construed to affect the right of an individual or State to receive child support payments or the obligation of an individual to pay child support. 
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to require any taxable unpaid child support payments of a taxpayer to be treated as amounts includible in gross income by reason of the discharge of indebtedness of the taxpayer.  Allows a deduction for subsequently made payments. 
Allows a nonbusiness bad debt deduction for unpaid child support payments.  Limits such deduction to $5,000 per child.  Allows such deduction to taxpayers whose gross income does not exceed $5,000 and who are owed payments of at least $500. Requires payments to be delinquent during the entire taxable year. Provides a cost-of-living adjustment for amounts under this Act. Requires subsequent payments to be included in the gross income of the recipient. 
Requires net revenues from this Act to be applied to the retirement of outstanding public debt obligations.
Newborns' and Mothers' Health Protection Act of 1996 - Requires health plans and employee health benefit plans that provide maternity (including childbirth) benefits to ensure that coverage is provided for:  (1) specified minimum periods after delivery; and (2) certain post-delivery care.
Requires the Director of the National Park Service (NPS) to:  (1) identify areas where low-flying aircraft may constitute an adverse impact on resources and convey specific information, including annotated maps, which indicates designated flight-free areas and primary visitor use areas, to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA); (2) develop a standardized reporting system acceptable to the FAA to document instances of low-flying aircraft over NPS lands for transmittal to the Honolulu FAA Flight Standards district office; (3) develop training programs and instructional materials enabling NPS personnel to recognize and report instances of low-flying aircraft; and (4) provide for quarterly meetings between NPS personnel and the FAA and affected pilots to discuss resources management objectives and issues associated with low-flying aircraft. 
(Sec. 3) Requires the FAA Administrator to:  (1) communicate with pilots regarding NPS concerns and objectives about low-flying aircraft in specified areas; (2) investigate pilot deviations from the requirements of this Act and take action to discourage such deviations; (3) provide assistance to the NPS in communicating with various agencies in the Department of Defense about military aircraft operations over NPS areas; (4) make the results of such investigation available to the NPS at the FAA Flight Standards district office; (5) enlist the support of all aviation groups and organizations; and (6) participate in appropriate meetings at field and regional levels to assist the NPS in combating problems associated with low-flying aircraft. 
(Sec. 4) Prohibits the flying of commercial tour aircraft over Kaloko Honokohau, Pu'u honua o Honaunau, Pu'u kohola Heiau, and Kalaupapa National Historical Parks, Haleakala National Park, and Hawaii Volcanoes National Park.  Requires scenic tour aircraft to maintain a two-mile standoff distance from such areas. 
Makes it unlawful for any fixed wing aircraft or helicopter flying under visual flight rules to fly at less than 1,500 feet over the surface of any NPS lands in Hawaii not subject to earlier provisions of this Act. 
(Sec. 5) Lists joint responsibilities of the Director and the Administrator regarding additional assessments of adverse impacts of aircraft operators, means of generating pilot understanding of NPS resource management objectives, and procedures for addressing public land over-flight issues. 
(Sec. 6) Makes Federal regulations relating to general operating and flight rules and to air taxi operators and commercial operators applicable to nonstop sightseeing flights that begin and end at the same airport and are conducted within a 25 statute mile radius of the airport.
Native American Telecommunications Act of 1997 - Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to initiate a proceeding to develop and establish an official policy regarding the relations between FCC and American Indians (including Alaskan Natives).  Requires the policy to include procedures for giving Native Americans notice and the opportunity for meaningful participation and comment in any proceedings affecting tribal lands, including competitive bidding conducted for bands of frequencies in areas under the jurisdiction of tribal governments. 
Requires a review and revision as necessary of such policies at least every three years. 
Requires the Federal-State Joint Board and the FCC to include access by Native Americans as a principal for the preservation and advancement of universal service. 
Requires the FCC to:  (1) prescribe regulations necessary to obtain reliable statistics concerning the extent of subscribership to, and the affordability of, telecommunications and information services on Indian lands; (2) periodically review and summarize such data in its annual reports; and (3) take necessary actions to deliver telecommunications and information services to Native Americans at just, reasonable, and affordable rates. 
Amends the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act to make the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration responsible for designing and proposing policy initiatives to encourage investment in, and the deployment of, telecommunications systems on Indian lands.
Amends the Tennessee Valley Authority Act of 1933 to: (1) expand from 3 to 14 the membership of the Board of Directors; (2) grant permanent membership to the States of Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi; North Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia; (3) set Board member compensation at a stipend of $30,000 per year, plus travel expenses; and (4) provide for a Chief Executive Officer appointed by the President, with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Great Lakes Water Protection Act - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (commonly known as the Clean Water Act) to prohibit a publicly owned treatment works (POTW) from performing a discharge (defined as an intentional diversion of waste streams to bypass any portion of a treatment facility which results in a discharge of untreated or partially treated sewage into the Great Lakes) unless: (1) the bypass is unavoidable to prevent loss of life, personal injury, or severe property damage, there is no feasible alternative, and the treatment works provides notice; or (2) the bypass does not cause effluent limitations to be exceeded and is for essential maintenance to ensure efficient operation of the treatment facility.  Requires a POTW to provide prior notice for any anticipated discharge, or notice as soon as practicable for any unanticipated discharge (but no later than two hours after a discharge begins for a POTW with an automated detection system or 12 hours after a discharge begins for a POTW without such system), to: (1) the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) (or a state if the state has an approved permit program), (2) each local health department (or a state health department if a local department does not exist), (3) the municipality in which a discharge occurred, (4) each municipality with jurisdiction over waters that may be affected, (5) a daily newspaper of general circulation in each county in which such a municipality is located, and (6) the public. Requires a POTW, within five days after such initial notice, to provide follow-up notice regarding the cause of, reason for, dates and times of, anticipated duration of, volume of, public access areas affected by, and steps taken or planned to reduce, eliminate, and prevent recurrence of, the discharge. Requires the Administrator (or a state with an approved permit program) to annually publish and make available to the public a list of the POTWs from which a follow-up notice was received.   Includes among prohibited bypasses those resulting in discharges from a POTW that consist of effluent routed around treatment units and blended with effluent from treatment units prior to discharge. Directs the Administrator to establish procedures to ensure that permits issued to POTWs under the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System include requirements to comply with this Act. Establishes a maximum civil penalty of $100,000 per day for violations of this Act occurring on or after January 1, 2033.  Establishes the Great Lakes Cleanup Fund into which penalties for violations of this Act shall be deposited and from which amounts shall be provided for improving wastewater discharges.
Breastfeeding Promotion Act - Title I: Amendment to the Civil Rights Act of 1964 - Pregnancy Discrimination Act Amendments of 2001 - Amends the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to include lactation (including expression of milk) within the definitions of "because of sex" or "on the basis of sex" for purposes of such Act.Title II: Credit for Employer Expenses for Providing Appropriate Environment on Business Premises for Employed Mothers to Breastfeed or Express Milk for Their Children - Amends the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) to allow a limited credit to employers for expenses incurred in enabling employed nursing mothers to breastfeed.Title III: Safe and Effective Breast Pumps - Safe and Effective Breast Pumps Act - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services: (1) to put into effect a performance standard for breast pumps irrespective of the class to which the breast pumps have been classified under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; and (2) to issue a compliance policy guide which will assure that women who want to breastfeed a child are given full and complete information respecting breast pumps.Title IV: Definition of Medical Care in Internal Revenue Code Expanded to Include Breastfeeding Equipment and Services - Expands the IRC definition of medical care to include qualified breastfeeding equipment and services.
Access to Frontline Health Care Act of 2009 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish and carry out a Frontline Providers Loan Repayment Program to allow repayment of the student loans of individuals who agree to serve as a health care professionals for two years in a frontline care scarcity area.
Agricultural Export Facilitation Act of 2005 - Amends the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 (TSREEA of 2000) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to authorize, under a general license, certain travel-related transactions specified in the Code of Federal Regulations, for travel to, from, or within Cuba in connection with activities undertaken in connection with sales and marketing, including the organization and participation in product exhibitions, and the transportation by sea or air of products pursuant to this Act.







Expresses the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State should issue visas for temporary entry into the United States of Cuban nationals whose itinerary documents an intent to conduct activities, including phytosanitary inspections, related to purchasing U.S. agricultural goods under the provisions of TSREEA of 2000.



Prohibits the President from restricting direct transfers from a Cuban financial institution to a U.S. financial institution executed in payment for a product authorized for sale under TSREEA of 2000.

Repeals the ban in the Department of Commerce and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 on certain transactions with respect to intellectual property in which the Cuban Government or a Cuban national has an interest regarding a mark or trade or commercial name that is the same as or substantially similar to one that was used in connection with a business or assets that were confiscated, unless the original owner or successor-in-interest has expressly consented.

Requires the Secretary of the Treasury to amend the Cuban Asset Control regulations to authorize under general license the transfer or receipt of any trademark or trade name subject to U.S. law in which a designated national has an interest.
Child Abuse Accountability Act - Amends Federal law regarding Federal employees' pensions to provide for the garnishment of retirement annuities of Federal employees for the enforcement of a court order for the payment of monetary damages to victims of sexual or physical abuse.
Semiautomatic Assault Weapon Violence Prevention Act of 1993 - Amends the Federal criminal code to:  (1) make it unlawful to transfer or possess a semiautomatic assault weapon; and (2) list weapons classified as semiautomatic assault weapons.  Makes this Act inapplicable to the transfer or possession of a weapon:  (1) by a Federal or State agency; (2) that was lawfully possessed before this Act's enactment or, in the case of a semiautomatic firearm designated as a semiautomatic assault weapon under this Act, before the designation is made; or (3) by a licensed manufacturer or importer for purposes of authorized testing or experimentation. 
Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to designate a rifle, pistol, or shotgun that is a semiautomatic firearm and meets specified criteria as a semiautomatic assault weapon. 
Requires the serial numbers of such weapons to clearly show if they were manufactured or imported after this Act's effective date.
Mother's Day Centennial Commemorative Coin Act - Instructs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue not more than 400,000 $1 coins emblematic of the 100th anniversary of President Wilson's proclamation designating the second Sunday in May as Mother's Day.

Authorizes the Secretary to issue such coins beginning January 1, 2014, except that the Secretary may initiate sales of such coins, without issuance, before such date.

Terminates such minting authority after December 31, 2014.

Requires coin sales to include a $10 surcharge per coin, with distribution of such surcharges to the Susan G. Komen for the Cure and the National Osteoporosis Foundation for the purpose of furthering research.

Prohibits any surcharge if the coin's issuance would cause the number of commemorative coin programs issued during the year to exceed the annual two commemorative coin program issuance limitation.
Access to Congressionally Mandated Reports Act  This bill requires the Government Publishing Office (GPO) to establish and maintain a website that provides the public free electronic access to all congressionally mandated reports within 30 calendar days after submission to Congress.  Each federal agency shall publish congressionally mandated reports on such website. A report submitted for publication may only be changed or removed, with the exception of technical changes, by the agency concerned with the express, written consent of the chairman of each congressional committee to which the report is submitted. Each agency: (1) must redact from such a report any information that may not be publicly released under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), (2) may withhold information otherwise required to be disclosed pursuant to this bill only if the agency reasonably foresees that disclosure would harm an interest protected by FOIA exemptions or if disclosure is prohibited by law, and (3) shall consider whether partial disclosure of information is possible whenever full disclosure is not and take reasonable steps necessary to segregate and release nonexempt information. 
Financial Oversight Commission Act of 2008 - Establishes the Financial Oversight Commission to investigate facts and circumstances relating to the financial crisis of 2008, including any relevant legislation, Executive Order, regulation, plan, policy, practice, or procedure that pertains to: (1) government sponsored enterprises (GSEs), including the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac); (2) the stock market; (3) the housing market; (4) credit rating agencies; (5) the financial services sector, including hedge funds, private equity, and the insurance industry; and (6) the role of congressional oversight and resource allocation.

Directs the Commission to identify, evaluate, and report to Congress and the President on the lessons learned from the financial crisis regarding the structure, coordination, management policies, and procedures of governmental and nongovernmental entities related to crisis detection, prevention, and response.
Commission to Study the Culture of Violence in America Act - Establishes the Commission to Study the Culture of Violence in America to examine the: (1) glorification of violence in the United States; (2) relationship between psychological stress and increased violence; (3) media's role in the violent atmosphere; (4) correlation between ease of access to firearms and increased violence; and (5) role of the school system in identifying potential perpetrators of violence. Directs the Commission to recommend potential solutions to the problems of glorification of violence in the United States.
Worker Amnesty and Opportunity Act of 2001 - Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for legal permanent resident status for certain undocumented or nonimmigrant aliens who are: (1) alien workers; (2) eligible for admission at a U.S. institution of higher education; or (3) at least 65 years old.
Double Taxation Elimination and Economic Growth Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) allow, for a corporation, a deduction for dividends paid; and (2) tax dividends received by individuals as capital gain.
Prescribes guidelines under which passengers may be transported in foreign-flag cruise vessels between ports in Alaska and between ports in Alaska and other U.S. ports.
Copyright Term Extension Act of 1997 - Amends Federal copyright provisions regarding preemption of laws concerning duration of copyrights.  Prohibits the annulment or limitation of rights or remedies under State laws with respect to sound recordings fixed before February 15, 1972, until February 15, 2067 (currently, 2047). 
Extends the duration of copyright in a work created on or after January 1, 1978, to the life of the author and 70 (currently, 50) years after the author's death.  Makes the same extension with regard to joint works created on or after such date. 
Extends the duration of copyright in anonymous or pseudonymous works or works made for hire on or after such date to 95 (currently, 75) years from the year of the first publication, or 120 (currently, 100) years from the year of creation, whichever expires first.  Makes conforming extensions with respect to provisions regarding the presumption of an author's death. 
Extends from December 31, 2027, to December 31, 2047, the duration of copyright in works published on or before December 31, 2012. 
Extends the duration of certain subsisting copyright renewals by a period of 20 years. 
Allows, during the last 20 years of any term of copyright of a published work, a library or archives to reproduce, distribute, display, or perform in facsimile or digital form a copy or phonorecord of such work for purposes of preservation, scholarship, or research after determining that none of the following conditions apply:  (1) the work is subject to normal commercial exploitation; (2) a copy or phonorecord of the work can be obtained at a reasonable price; or (3) the copyright owner or its agent provides notice that either condition above applies.  Provides that such exemption does not apply to any subsequent uses by users other than such library or archives.
Cybersecurity Education Enhancement Act of 2005 - Directs the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Cybersecurity, to establish, in conjunction with the National Science Foundation, a program to award grants to institutions of higher education for: (1) cybersecurity professional development programs; (2) associate degree programs in cybersecurity; and (3) the purchase of equipment to provide training in cybersecurity for either professional development or degree programs.

Requires the Director of the National Science Foundation to operate the program.

Amends the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Secretary to establish an e-security fellowship program to bring state, local, tribal, and private sector officials to participate in the work of the National Cybersecurity Division in order to become familar with Department of Homeland Security cybersecurity missions and capabilities.
Federal Employee Protection of Disclosures Act - Includes as a protected disclosure by a Federal employee any lawful disclosure an employee or applicant reasonably believes is credible evidence of waste, abuse, or gross mismanagement, without restriction as to time, place, form, motive, context, or prior disclosure. Requires a Government Accountability Office (GAO) study on security clearances revocations taking effect after 1996 with respect to personnel that filed claims in connection with such security clearance revocations.
Fairness and Accuracy in Employment Background Checks Act of 2008 - Requires the Attorney General to: (1) adopt procedures to ensure the accuracy and completeness of federal criminal background records exchanged for employment purposes; and (2) report annually to Congress on all employment restrictions and disqualifications based on criminal records required by federal law and policy.
Hiring Incentives to Reinvest and Incentivize New Growth Act of 2010 or the HIRING Act of 2010 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow employers, including tax-exempt employers, a refundable tax credit for increases in wages paid during 2010 and 2011.

Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to work with state employment agencies to inform businesses of the availability of the tax credit allowed by this Act.
First Flight Commemorative Coin Act of 1997 - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue for a limited period ten-dollar gold coins, one-dollar silver coins, and half-dollar clad coins emblematic of the first flight of Orville and Wilbur Wright in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina, on December 17, 1903. 
Instructs the Secretary to ensure:  (1) establishment of a coin marketing plan; and (2) availability of adequate funds to cover the costs of implementing such plan. 
Mandates prompt payment of all surcharges received from coin sales to the First Flight Foundation to:  (1) maintain the Wright Brothers Monument on the Outer Banks of North Carolina; and (2) expand and maintain the visitor center and other facilities at the Wright Brothers National Memorial Park. 
Waives certain coin program restrictions.
 Energy Efficient Government Technology Act  This bill amends the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to require each federal agency to coordinate with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), the Department of Energy (DOE), and the Environmental Protection Agency to develop an implementation strategy for the maintenance, purchase, and use of energy-efficient and energy-saving information technologies. The OMB must establish performance goals for evaluating the efforts of federal agencies in improving the maintenance, purchase, and use of the technology. The Chief Information Officers Council must recommend best practices for attaining the performance goals. DOE must:    make available to the public an update to the Report to Congress on Server and Data Center Energy Efficiency published on August 2, 2007;  carry out a data center energy practitioner program that leads to the certification of energy practitioners qualified to evaluate the energy usage and efficiency opportunities in federal data centers;  carry out an open data initiative to make information about federal data center energy usage available and accessible in a manner that encourages data center innovation, optimization, and consolidation; participate in efforts to harmonize global specifications and metrics for data center energy efficiency; and facilitate in the development of an efficiency metric that measures the energy efficiency of a data center. 
Everyone Deserves Unconditional Access to Education (EDUCATE) Act - Amends the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) to reauthorize and make appropriations for the grant program to assist states and outlying areas in providing special education and related services to children with disabilities.

Sets the amount to be authorized and the amount to be appropriated for each fiscal year from FY2010-FY2015 as the greater of: (1) a specified amount; or (2) a specified percentage of an amount determined pursuant to a formula that multiplies the number of children receiving special education services by the average per-pupil expenditure in public elementary and secondary schools.

Authorizes appropriations for FY2016 and thereafter that equal 40% of the amount determined using such formula. Makes appropriations for FY2016 and thereafter that are determined by subtracting a specified amount from the amount authorized.

Requires amounts appropriated to be expended consistent with pay-as-you-go requirements.
Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and other specified Federal law to repeal the embargo placed upon all trade with Cuba.Amends the Internal Revenue Code to declare the denial of foreign tax credit inapplicable to Cuba.Permits: (1) installation and maintenance of telecommunications equipment and facilities in Cuba, including telecommunications services between the United States and Cuba; and (2) travel to and from Cuba by U.S. citizens or residents.Requires the U.S. Postal Service to provide direct mail service to and from Cuba.Prohibits U.S. assistance to Cuba, including assistance by the Export-Import Bank, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, and the Commodity Credit Corporation, and any exchange, reduction, or forgiveness of Cuban debt.
Sets forth requirements with respect to the provision to East Timor of bilateral assistance, multilateral assistance, Peace Corps assistance, certain trade and investment assistance, scholarships for East Timorese students, and security assistance.
Freedom and Self-Determination for the Former Soviet Union Act - Prohibits the obligation or expenditure of foreign assistance for Russia for any fiscal year unless the President certifies to the Congress for such fiscal year that:  (1) the President has received satisfactory assurances from the Government of Russia, confirmed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, that Russia's intelligence activities in the United States are confined to routine, non-adversarial information gathering; (2) Russia is making progress toward the unconditional implementation of the Russian-Moldovan troop withdrawal agreement and that the Russian Government is not providing military assistance to any military forces in the Transdniestra region of Moldova; (3) Russian forces in the Kaliningrad region of Russia are respecting the sovereign territory of Lithuania and neighboring countries and are not offensively postured against any other countries; (4) the activities of Russia in the independent states of the former Soviet Union do not represent an attempt by Russia to diminish the sovereignty and independence of such states; (5) Russia is not providing military assistance to any Bosnian Serb military units or combatants or to the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia; (6) Russia is not providing any intelligence information to Cuba or assistance to Cuba with respect to the signal intelligence facility at Lourdes or the nuclear facility at Cienfuegos; (7) Russia is not providing to Iran, Iraq, Syria, China, or other countries whose governments have provided support for international terrorism, any goods or technology which could contribute to the acquisition of chemical, biological, nuclear, or advanced conventional weapons; (8) Russia is in strict compliance with all arms control agreements, as well as with all trade and financial agreements, with the United States; and (9) Russia has ceased all strategic nuclear weapons modernization. 
Requires the President and the Comptroller General to report to the Congress for each fiscal year:  (1) the amount of foreign assistance provided to Russia for the preceding fiscal year; (2) a detailed accounting of the amount of foreign assistance appropriated which has not been expended and its status; and (3) an estimate of the total amount of capital exported from Russia during the previous fiscal year, along with an analysis of reasons for such export. 
Urges the President to instruct the U.S. executive directors of the international financial institutions to oppose assistance to Russia unless Russia is in compliance with this Act's requirements.
Internet Gambling Regulation and Tax Enforcement Act of 2009 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) impose an Internet gambling license fee on Internet gambling operators and an additional tax on unauthorized bets or wagers; (2) require such operators to file informational returns identifying themselves and the individuals placing bets or wagers with them; (3) require withholding of tax on net Internet gambling winnings and on the winnings of nonresident aliens; and (4) extend the excise tax on wagers to include wagers placed within the United States or any commonwealth, territory, or possession by a U.S. citizen or resident.
Elder Justice Reauthorization Act  This bill&nbsp;amends title XX (Block Grants to States for Social Services) of&nbsp;the Social Security Act to&nbsp;reauthorize through FY2021 grants to states for&nbsp;activities related to the prevention and detection of elder abuse. In addition, the&nbsp;bill amends the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to reauthorize through FY2021: (1) the National Training Institute for federal and state surveyors of long-term care facilities, and (2) grants to state agencies that perform surveys of certain nursing facilities.
Budgeting for Opioid Addiction Treatment Act  This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code, with respect to excise taxes on manufacturers, to impose a one cent per milligram fee on the sale of active opioids by the manufacturer, producer, or importer. The fee excludes prescription drugs used exclusively for the treatment of opioid addiction as part of a medically assisted treatment effort.  The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) must establish a program to provide rebates or discounts to cancer and hospice patients to ensure that they do not pay the fee.  The bill amends the Public Health Service Act to require any increase in federal revenues from the fee after rebates and discounts are subtracted to be distributed to states under the Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment Block Grant program. The states must use the funds exclusively for substance abuse (including opioid abuse) efforts in the states, including: (1) specified treatment programs, and (2) the recruitment and training of substance use disorder professionals to work in rural and medically underserved communities. HHS must report to Congress on the impact of this bill on the retail cost of opioids and patient access to opioid medication, the effectiveness of the discount or rebate for cancer and hospice patients, how the funds are being used to improve substance abuse treatment efforts, and suggestions for improving access to opioids for cancer and hospice patients and substance abuse treatment efforts. 
Personal Health Investment Today Act or the PHIT Act  This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a medical care tax deduction for up to $1,000 ($2,000 for a joint return or a head of household) of qualified sports and fitness expenses per year. The bill defines "qualified sports and fitness expenses" as amounts paid exclusively for the sole purpose of participating in a physical activity, including: (1) fitness facility memberships, (2) physical exercise or activity programs, and (3) equipment for a physical exercise or activity program. 
Requires the Secretary to issue a management plan for the Refuge which includes provisions that provide for: (1) the planning and design of trails and access points; (2) the planning of wildlife and habitat restoration, including reforestation; and (3) permanent exhibits and facilities and regular educational programs throughout the Refuge.
Requires that the Secretary: (1) provide an opportunity for public participation in developing such plan; and (2) give special consideration to views by local public and private entities and individuals.
Directs the Secretary to construct, administer, and maintain within the Refuge, a wildlife interpretation and education center to promote environmental education and to provide an opportunity for the study and enjoyment of wildlife in its natural habitat.
Sets forth requirements for the designation of boundaries for the Refuge.
Declares that nothing in this Act shall be construed as prohibiting or preventing, and the Secretary shall not prohibit or prevent: (1) the continuation or development of commercial or recreational navigation on the Red River Waterway; (2) necessary construction, operation, or maintenance activities associated with the Red River Waterway project; (3) the construction, improvement, or expansion of public port or recreational facilities on such Waterway; or (4) the construction, improvement, or replacement of railroads or interstate highways within the selection area, or bridges that cross the Red River.
Authorizes appropriations.
Sacramento River National Recreation Area Act of 2010 - Establishes the Sacramento River National Recreation Area in California, consisting of specified public land in Tehama and Shasta Counties. Requires the development of a comprehensive plan for the long-range protection and management of the Recreation Area.

Establishes the Sacramento River National Recreation Area Advisory Council to provide advice and make recommendations to the Secretary of the Interior related to the development, implementation, and amendment of such plan and to ensure public involvement in the management of such Area.
Ratifies, confirms, and approves the "Agreement Concerning the Conveyance of Property at the Adak Naval Complex," dated September 20, 2000, and executed by the Aleut Corporation and the Departments of the Interior and the Navy. Permits modifications to the maps and legal descriptions of lands to be removed from the National Wildlife Refuge System (NWRS) within the military withdrawal on Adak Island only upon agreement of all parties and notice to specified congressional committees. Requires the acreage conveyed to the United States to be at least 36,000 acres.Provides that the Adak exchange lands shall be removed from the NWRS and shall not be considered as part of the Alaska Maritime National Wildlife Refuge. Treats lands and interests exchanged and conveyed by the United States pursuant to this Act as conveyances under ANCSA, except that receipt shall not constitute a sale or disposition of land or interests pursuant to such Act. Deems that the public easements for access to public lands and waters reserved pursuant to the Agreement satisfy ANCSA requirements.Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to acquire, on a willing seller basis, any land conveyed to the Corporation under the Agreement and this Act. Includes acquired lands in the NWRS.Deems Department of Navy personal property that remains on Adak Island to be related to the real property and requires such personal property to be conveyed by such Department to the Corporation at no additional cost when the related real property is conveyed. Requires the Secretary to convey those lands identified in the Agreement as the former landfill sites to the Corporation without charge to its entitlement under ANCSA.Treats any property, including appurtenances and improvements, received pursuant to this Act as not developed until it is actually occupied, leased, or sold by the Corporation or by a wholly owned development subsidiary to which it is transferred..Provides that upon conveyance to the Corporation of the lands described in Appendix A of the Agreement, lands described in Appendix C will become unavailable for selection under ANCSA.
COPS Improvements Act of 2009 - Amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to expand the authority of the Attorney General to make grants for public safety and community policing programs (COPS ON THE BEAT grant program).

Authorizes grants to: (1) hire school resource officers and establish local partnerships to combat crime, gangs, drug activities, and other problems in elementary and secondary schools; (2) establish and implement programs to reduce and prevent illegal drug activities, including the manufacturing, distribution, and use of methamphetamine; and (3) meet emerging law enforcement needs, as warranted.

Authorizes the use of COPS ON THE BEAT grants to hire former members of the Armed Forces to serve as career law enforcement officers.

Authorizes the Attorney General to make grants for: (1) assigning prosecutors to handle cases from specific geographic areas and to address counter-terrorism problems and violent crime in local communities; and (2) developing new technologies to assist state and local law enforcement agencies in crime prevention and training.

Grants the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services exclusive authority to perform functions and activities under COPS ON THE BEAT grant program.

Authorizes the Attorney General to extend grant periods and to renew grants if the grant recipient can demonstrate significant progress in achieving the objectives of the initial grant application.

Increases and extends the authorization of appropriations for the COPS ON THE BEAT grant program for FY2009-FY2014.
Western Reserve Heritage Areas Study Act - Requires the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the National Park Service Rivers, Trails, and Conservation Assistance Program, Midwest Region, to conduct a study regarding the suitability and feasibility of establishing the Western Reserve Heritage Area in the Ohio counties of Trumbull, Mahoning, Ashtabula, Portage, Geague, Lake, Cuyahoga, Summit, Medina, Huron, Lorain, Erie, Ottawa, and Ashland.
Energy Efficient Government Technology Act - Amends the National Energy Conservation Policy Act, with respect to federal agency energy management, to require each agency to collaborate with the Director of the Office of the Management and Budget (OMB) to develop an implementation strategy for the maintenance, purchase, and use of energy-efficient and energy-saving information and communications technologies (ICT) and practices that is based on the agency's operating requirements and statutory mission. Includes as part of such a strategy consideration of ICT and related infrastructure and practices. Requires the OMB Director to: (1) establish performance goals for evaluating the efforts of agencies in improving such technology systems and practices; and (2) maintain a data centers task force responsible for sharing progress toward individual agency goals and the overall target for increased energy efficiency, including through exchanges of best practices and energy efficiency information with the private sector. Sets forth reporting requirements. Amends the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, with respect to data center energy efficiency, to require:   publication of the designation of the information technology industry organization that coordinates the voluntary national information program for such centers; updating and publication of a report on server and data center efficiency, including an analysis of the impact of ICT asset and related infrastructure utilization solutions; maintenance of a data center energy practitioner program that leads to the certification of practitioners qualified to evaluate energy usage and efficiency opportunities; evaluation of agency data centers every four years by such certified energy practitioners employed by the agency; establishment of an open data initiative for federal data center usage data; consideration of the online Data Center Maturity Model in establishing the initiative; active participation by the Secretary of Energy (DOE) in efforts to harmonize global specifications and metrics for data center energy efficiency; and assistance by the Secretary in the development of an efficiency metric that measures the energy efficiency of the overall data center.  
Safe Teen and Novice Driver Uniform Protection Act of 2011 or STANDUP Act - Authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to award incentive grants to states with graduated driver licensing laws that require novice drivers younger than age 21 to comply with a two-stage licensing process before receiving an unrestricted driver's license.

Requires such laws, at a minimum, to include: (1) a learner's permit stage that commences at age 16 or older, lasts at least six months, prohibits driver use of a cellular phone or other communications device in nonemergency situations, and remains in effect until commencement of the intermediate stage or the driver attains age 18; (2) an intermediate stage in effect until the driver attains age 18 that commences immediately after expiration of the learner's permit stage, lasts at least six months, prohibits driver use of a cellular phone or other communications device in nonemergency situations, prohibits nighttime driving, prohibits more than one non-familial passenger under age 21 unless there is a licensed driver at least age 21 present in the vehicle; and (3) any other requirement that the Secretary may require.

Deems a state that meets such minimum requirements to be in compliance regardless of whether a state law, enacted before January 1, 2011, establishes a class of license that permits licensees younger than age 18 to drive a motor vehicle in connection with work performed on or for the operation of a farm owned by family members of the licensees.

Directs the Secretary to withhold a certain percentage of federal-aid highway funds from states that do not comply with the requirements of this Act.
(This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the Senate on September 6, 2017.  National Clinical Care Commission Act (Sec. 2) This bill establishes within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) a National Clinical Care Commission to evaluate and make recommendations regarding improvements to the coordination and leveraging of federal programs related to complex metabolic or autoimmune diseases that result from issues related to insulin and represent a significant disease burden (e.g., diabetes). The commission must report on: (1) HHS programs that focus on prevention, (2) current activities and gaps in federal efforts to support clinicians in providing integrated care, (3) improvement in federal education and awareness activities related to prevention and treatment, (4) methods for outreach and dissemination of education and awareness materials, and (5) opportunities for consolidation of overlapping federal programs. The commission must submit an operating plan to HHS and Congress within 90 days of its first meeting. The commission is terminated after it submits a final report, but not later than the end of FY2021.
Genetically Engineered Food Right-to-Know Act - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to deem misbranded any food that has been genetically engineered or contains one or more genetically engineered ingredients, unless such information is clearly disclosed. Exempts from this requirement any food that: (1) is served in restaurants or other similar eating establishments, (2) is a medical food, (3) would be subject to such requirement solely because it was produced using a genetically engineered vaccine, or (4) would be subject to such requirement solely because it includes the use of a genetically engineered processing aid (including yeast) or enzyme. Defines &quot;genetically engineered&quot; as a material intended for human consumption that is: (1) an organism produced through the intentional use of genetic engineering, or (2) the progeny of intended sexual or asexual reproduction (or both) of one or more organisms that is the product of genetic engineering. Defines &quot;genetically engineered ingredient&quot; as an ingredient in a food that is derived from any part of an organism that has been genetically engineered, without regard to whether: (1) the altered molecular or cellular characteristics of the organism are detectable in the material, and (2) the organism is capable for use as human food. Excludes from penalties for misbranding of genetically engineered food or ingredients any recipient that establishes a guaranty or undertaking that: (1) is signed by, and contains the name and address of, a person residing in the United States from whom the recipient received the food in good faith (including the receipt of seeds to grow raw agricultural commodities); and (2) contains a statement to the effect that the food is not genetically engineered or does not contain a genetically engineered ingredient. Applies this exclusion from penalties without regard to the manner in which the recipient uses the food. Excludes an agricultural producer also from such penalties when a violation occurs because food the producer has grown, raised, or otherwise produced, which neither contains nor was produced with a genetically engineered material, is subsequently contaminated with a food that does contain or was produced with a genetically engineered material, and the agricultural producer has not intended any such contamination nor was negligent in the matter.
Medicare Payment Update for Certified Nurse-Midwives Act - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of and payment for certified midwife services (currently only certified nurse-midwife services are covered) under Medicare part B (Supplementary Medical Insurance). Declares that nothing precludes certified nurse-midwives and certified midwives from teaching or supervising an intern or resident-in-training.

Extends Medicare coverage to items and services at a free-standing birth center.
National Women's History Museum Act of 2005 - Requires the Administrator of General Services to enter into an occupancy agreement to make the Pavilion Annex (the building and specified immediate surroundings, including any land unoccupied as of the enactment of this Act) in Washington, D.C. available to the National Women's History Museum, Inc. (Museum Sponsor) for a National Women's History Museum, for at least 99 years or any lesser term agreed to by the Museum Sponsor.

Prohibits use of any federal funds to establish, construct or operate the Museum.
(This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the House on February 29, 2016.  Competitive Service Act of 2015 (Sec. 2) This bill authorizes an appointing authority (i.e., a federal agency appointing an individual to a position in the competitive service), other than the appointing authority that requested a certificate of eligibles for filling a position, to select an individual from that certificate for appointment to a position that is: (1) in the same occupational series as the position for which the certificate of eligibles was issued, and (2) at a similar grade level as the original position. The appointing authority must select an individual from the certificate of eligibles within 240 days after the issuance of the certificate. The bill sets forth further requirements relating to the sharing of certificates by agencies, notice to agency employees of available positions, and alternative ranking and selection procedures for job applicants. 
Alaska Federal Lands Management Demonstration Project Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an Alaska Federal Lands Management Demonstration Project.

Requires the Secretary to select no fewer than six eligible, geographically representative tribes or tribal organizations per year (up to a maximum of 12) to perform administrative and management functions, construction, maintenance, data collection, biological research, and harvest monitoring on conservation system units in Alaska. Requires selected tribes to complete a planning phase before negotiating and contracting with the Secretary.

Excludes revenue-producing visitor services unless agreed to by the Alaska Native corporations most directly affected. Excludes the Denali National Park.

Provides for planning grants.

Directs the Secretary to establish a demonstration project with the Koyukuk River Basin Moose Co-Management Team, Inc., for the provision of services at the Koyukuk and Kanuti National Wildlife Refuges.

Authorizes the use of intergovernmental personnel actions to assign Federal employees to the contractor while retaining their Federal employment status.
Stop AIDS in Prison Act of 2006 - Requires the Bureau of Prisons to develop a comprehensive policy to coordinate HIV/AIDS testing, treatment, and prevention for federal prison inmates. Requires such policy to include provisions for: (1) testing and counseling of inmates immediately following admission to a prison facility; (2) education regarding HIV/AIDS transmission and encouragement of behavior to reduce the risk; (3) HIV/AIDS testing annually or after exposure to HIV; (4) procedures for inmates to request HIV/AIDS counseling and tests confidentially; (5) comprehensive medical treatment of inmates who test positive and confidential counseling on managing their medical condition and preventing transmission to others; (6) testing, counseling, and referral prior to reentry into the community; and (7) noting but not penalizing an inmate's refusal of HIV/AIDS testing.

Amends federal criminal code provisions relating to HIV/AIDS testing to: (1) make such testing available to all federal prison inmates upon intake and upon release regardless of length of sentence or risk factors; (2) allow inmates to decline such testing.
Medicare Patient Access to Preventive and Diagnostic Tests Act - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to: (1) establish procedures for determining the basis for, and amount of, Medicare payment for any clinical diagnostic laboratory test with respect to which a new or substantially revised Health Care Financing Administration Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) code is assigned on or after January 1, 2002; (2) set the national fee schedule amounts for tests performed; (3) establish a mechanism for review of the adequacy of payment amounts for a particular test; and (4) prohibit the Secretary from delegating the authority to make determinations with respect to clinical diagnostic laboratory tests to a regional office of the Health Care Financing Administration or to a certain contracted entity.Prohibits the Secretary from assigning a code for a new clinical diagnostic laboratory test that differs from the code recommended by the American Medical Association Common Procedure Terminology Editorial Panel and results in lower payment than would be made if the Secretary accepted such recommendation solely on the basis that the test is a test that may be performed by a laboratory with a certificate of waiver under the Public Health Service Act.
Alaska Native and American Indian Direct Reimbursement Act of 1998 - Amends the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to make permanent the demonstration program under which Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and Alaska Native health organizations that contract or compact for the operation of a hospital or clinic of the Indian Health Service may directly bill for, and receive payment for, health care services provided by such hospital or clinic for which payment is made under Medicare or Medicaid or from any other third party payor. 
Requires participating hospitals and clinics to submit to the Secretary of Health and Human Services quarterly reports on the program during the first two years of participation and annual reports thereafter. 
Provides for:  (1) application to the Secretary by an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or Alaska Native health organization for participation of a Service facility in the program (the demonstration program was limited to four facilities); (2) the ongoing examination and implementation of necessary administrative changes to facilitate direct billing and reimbursement under the program; and (3) withdrawal from participation in the program.
Nurse Loan Forgiveness Act of 2002 - Amends the Higher Education Act of 1965 (HEA) to include, under HEA student loan forgiveness and cancellation programs, nurses who serve three consecutive complete years in an approved health care facility or setting.
Freedom and Self-Determination for the Former Soviet Union Act - Prohibits foreign assistance from being obligated or expended for Russia for any fiscal year unless the President certifies to the Congress for such fiscal year that:  (1) the President has received satisfactory assurances from the Government of Russia, which have been confirmed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, that Russia's intelligence activities in the United States are confined to routine, non-adversarial information gathering; (2) Russia is making progress toward the unconditional implementation of the Russian-Moldovan troop withdrawal agreement and that the Russian Government is not providing military assistance to any military forces in the Transdniestra region of Moldova; (3) Russian troops in the Kaliningrad region of Russia are respecting the sovereign territory of Lithuania and neighboring countries and are not offensively postured against any other countries; (4) the activities of Russia in the independent states of the former Soviet Union do not represent an attempt by Russia to diminish the sovereignty and independence of such states; (5) Russia is not providing military assistance to any Bosnian Serb military units or to the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia; (6) the Russian Government has ceased the unilateral demarcation of the border between Russia and Estonia, is engaged in dialogue with Estonia to resolve the border dispute, and has demonstrated a willingness to submit this issue to international arbitration; (7) Russia is not providing any intelligence information to Cuba or assistance to Cuba with respect to the signal intelligence facility at Lourdes; (8) Russia is not providing goods or technology which could contribute to the acquisition of chemical, biological, nuclear, or advanced conventional weapons to Iran, Iraq, Syria, or other countries whose governments have provided support for international terrorism; (9) Russia is in compliance with a specified convention regarding biological weapons and the Wyoming Memorandum of Understanding on chemical weapons; and (10) Russia is committed to reforming the Russian economy along free-market lines. 
Prohibits, with respect to FY 1995 and 1996, obligating or expending foreign assistance for Russia unless the President certifies to the Congress that the Russian Government has:  (1) ceased its military offensive in Chechnya and is committed to resolving the status of Chechnya through negotiations; and (2) provided a full accounting of the espionage activities of Aldrich Ames and has reimbursed the United States for amounts paid to Rosario Ames since her arrest. 
Requires the President and the Comptroller General to report to the Congress for each fiscal year:  (1) the amount of foreign assistance provided to Russia for the preceding fiscal year; (2) a detailed accounting of the amount of foreign assistance appropriated which has not been expended and its status; and (3) an estimate of the total amount of capital exported from Russia during the previous fiscal year and an analysis of reasons for such export. 
Directs the President to instruct the U.S. executive directors of the international financial institutions to oppose assistance to Russia unless Russia is in compliance with this Act's requirements.
School Food Modernization Act This bill amends the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to direct the Department of Agriculture (USDA) to issue loan guarantees to local educational agencies (LEAs), school food authorities, tribal organizations, and other eligible entities to finance infrastructure improvements or equipment purchases to facilitate their provision of healthy meals through the school lunch program. USDA must give preference to applicants that demonstrate a substantial or disproportionate need for food service infrastructure or durable equipment, and shall establish fees for the loan guarantee program that are sufficient to cover the federal government's administrative costs in operating the program. USDA must also&nbsp;award competitive matching grants to assist LEAs, school food authorities, tribal organizations, and other eligible entities&nbsp;in purchasing the durable equipment and infrastructure they need to serve healthier meals and improve food safety. In doing so, USDA must give grant priority to applicants that: (1) have identified and are reasonably expected to meet an unmet local or community need, and (2) are located in states that have enacted funding measures to assist them with such purchases.  In addition,&nbsp;USDA must award competitive matching grants to experienced third-party training institutions to provide school food service personnel with the training and technical assistance they need to: (1) meet school lunch program nutrition standards, and (2) improve the efficacy and efficiency of the school lunch and breakfast programs. 
North American Energy Infrastructure Act - (Sec. 3) Prohibits any person from constructing, connecting, operating, or maintaining a cross-border segment of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility at the national boundary of the United States for the import or export of oil, natural gas, or electricity to or from Canada or Mexico without obtaining a certificate of crossing under this Act.  Requires the Secretary of State, with respect to oil pipelines, or the Secretary of Energy (DOE), with respect to electric transmission facilities, to issue a certificate of crossing for the cross-border segment within 120 days after final action is taken under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA), unless it is not in U.S. public interest. Directs DOE, as a condition of issuing a certificate, to require that the cross-border segment be constructed, connected, operated, or maintained consistent with the policies and standards of: (1) the Electric Reliability Organization and the applicable regional entity, and (2) any Regional Transmission Organization or Independent System Operator with operational or functional control over the segment.  Exempts from such requirement any construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of a cross-border segment if: (1) it is operating for import, export, or electrical transmission upon the date of enactment of this Act; (2) the relevant permit or certificate of crossing has previously been issued under this Act; or (3) an permit application is pending on the date of enactment of this Act, until it is denied or July 1, 2016, whichever occurs first.  Retains: (1) the requirement to obtain approval or authorization under the Natural Gas Act for the siting, construction, or operation of any facility to import or export natural gas, and (2) certain authority of the President under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (EPCA).  (Sec. 4) Amends the Natural Gas Act to declare that no order of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) is required for the export or import of natural gas to or from Canada or Mexico.  (Sec. 5) Amends the Federal Power Act to repeal the requirement that the transmission of electric energy to a foreign country necessitates prior authorization by FERC.  (Sec. 6) Declares that no Presidential permit shall be necessary for the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility, including any cross-border segment. (Sec. 7) Declares that no certificate of crossing or permit shall be required for a modification to the construction, connection, operation, or maintenance of an oil or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility that: (1) operates for the import or export of oil or natural gas or the transmission of electricity to or from Canada or Mexico as of the date of enactment of this Act; (2) for which a permit for such construction, connection, operation, or maintenance has been issued; or (3) for which a certificate of crossing for the cross-border segment of the pipeline or facility has previously been issued. (Sec. 8) Sets forth deadlines for rulemaking.
Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act of 2016 This bill amends the Controlled Substances Act to direct the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) to register an emergency medical services (EMS) agency as an entity authorized to dispense controlled substances, instead of registering the individual practitioners or medical directors of the agency. A registered EMS agency must be overseen by one or more medical directors. The bill specifies that an EMS practitioner who is employed by a registered EMS agency may administer controlled substances under a standing order issued by a medical director. The standing order does not have to be specific to an individual patient. An EMS agency must keep the standing order on file and make it available to the DEA upon request. 
Fairness to Contact Lens Consumers Act - Requires a "prescriber" (a person permitted under State law to issue prescriptions for contact lenses) to provide to the patient a copy of the patient's contact lens prescription free of charge.Declares that a contact lens prescription shall expire: (1) on the date specified by the law of the State involved, if that date is one year or more after the issue date of the prescription; or (2) not less than one year after the issue date of the prescription, if such State law specifies no date or a date that is less than one year after the date of the prescription. Permits an exception in either instance for a patient's ocular health.Prohibits advertising that lenses for which a prescription is required may be obtained without a prescription. Prohibits a prescriber from issuing certain waivers.States that any violation of this Act shall be treated as a violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act regarding unfair or deceptive acts or practices.
Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians Land Exchange Act of 2002 - Requires the Secretary of the Interior to exchange the Ravensford tract, currently in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, for the Yellow Face tract adjacent to the Waterrock Knob Visitor Center on the Blue Ridge Parkway.Requires the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians (Eastern Band) to deed specified parcels of land to the United States. Requires the deeds for specified lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Eastern Band as part of the Cherokee Indian Reservation.Requires the Secretary to file a legal description of the areas held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Eastern Band.Requires the Director of the National Park Service and the Eastern Band to: (1) enter into government-to-government consultations and develop protocols to review planned construction on the Ravensford tract; and (2) develop mutually agreed upon standards for size, impact, and design of construction consistent with the Eastern Band's need to develop educational facilities and support infrastructure.Authorizes the Director to enter into cooperative agreements with the Eastern Band for the purpose of providing training, management, protection, and preservation of the natural and cultural resources on the Ravensford tract.Requires the Secretary to give first preference of employment for service in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park to qualified members of the Eastern Band.
Leveraging and Energizing America's Apprenticeship Programs Act or the LEAP Act Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow employers a business-related tax credit of $1,500 for hiring&nbsp;an apprentice who has not attained age 25&nbsp;at the close of the taxable year or $1,000 for an apprentice who has attained age 25. Allows such credit for no more than&nbsp;two taxable years with respect to any apprentice. Defines "apprentice" as an employee who is employed in an officially-recognized apprenticeable occupation pursuant to an apprentice agreement registered with the Office of Apprenticeship of the Employment and Training Administration of the Department of Labor or a recognized state apprenticeship agency.  Requires the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to coordinate with the heads of federal and independent agencies to: (1) determine which government publications could be available on government websites and no longer printed, (2) devise a strategy to reduce overall government printing costs over the 10-year period beginning with FY2015, (3) establish government-wide guidelines on employee printing, and (4) issue guidelines for publicly disclosing information about the publication of government documents.
National Institute of Biomedical Imaging Establishment Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to establish:  (1) the National Institute of Biomedical Imaging in the National Institutes of Health; and (2) the National Biomedical Imaging Program.  Authorizes appropriations.
Pinnacles National Park Act - Establishes Pinnacles National Park in California to: (1) preserve and interpret the Park's ecosystems and the history of Native Americans, settlers, and explorers, and (2) interpret the recovery program for the California Condor.

Abolishes Pinnacles National Monument and includes the land and any interests comprising the Monument in the Park.

Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to acquire lands or interests within the Park's boundaries and approximately 18,200 acres of land in San Benito County, California, known as the Rock Springs Ranch Tract.

Redesignates the Pinnacles Wilderness as the Hain Wilderness.

Designates specified lands comprising approximately 2,715 acres as wilderness and as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System and includes such lands in the Hain Wilderness.
Investing in Innovation for Education Act of 2010 - Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of Education to award competitive grants to local educational agencies (LEAs) and nonprofit organizations to support the school reform efforts of public schools and LEAs.

Requires each grant applicant to demonstrate that it has partnered with at least one private organization that will provide matching funds.

Requires each grant to be used to address at least one of the following areas of school reform: (1) improving the effectiveness of teachers and school leaders and promoting their equitable distribution; (2) strengthening the use of data to improve education; (3) providing high-quality instruction that is based on rigorous standards and measuring students' proficiency using high-quality assessments that are aligned to those standards; (4) turning around the lowest-performing schools; and (5) any other area of school reform the Secretary chooses.

Directs the Secretary to establish performance measures for tracking each grantee's progress in improving the academic performance of public elementary and secondary school students, and specified subgroups of those students. Requires grantees to use grant funds to develop or expand strategies to improve high-need students' showing on those performance measures.
Transfers to the Conference all administrative law judge functions of the Office of Personnel Management.
Provides for the assignment of administrative law judges to appropriate Federal agencies.
Requires the chief judge to adopt and issue rules of judicial conduct for administrative law judges.
Authorizes appropriations.
Authorizes project proposals to be submitted by: (1) individuals or other private entities; (2) Federal, State, local, or foreign government entities; (3) other entities subject to U.S. or foreign jurisdiction; and (4) international organizations.Limits the Federal share of project costs to 25 percent and prohibits the non-Federal share from being derived from any Federal grant program.Authorizes the Secretary to: (1) give preference in selecting projects for financial assistance to proposals that address conservation needs not adequately addressed by existing efforts and that are supported by wildlife management authorities; (2) support and coordinate existing efforts and activities and projects under this Act to conserve neotropical migratory bird species; and (3) convene an advisory group of individuals representing organizations involved in neotropical migratory bird conservation to assist in carrying out this Act.Establishes in the Multinational Species Conservation Fund of the Treasury a Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Account. Authorizes appropriations to the Account for FY 2001 through 2005 to carry out this Act.
Tools for Community Initiatives Act - Establishes the Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives (the Office) in the Executive Office of the President. Requires the Director of the Office to encourage faith-based and community initiatives and work to eliminate improper Federal barriers so as to allow faith-based and community entities to compete for Federal funding to the fullest opportunity permitted by law, including by: (1) developing, leading, and coordinating policies with respect to such initiatives; (2) coordinating public education activities designed to mobilize public support for such initiatives; (3) advising the President on options and ideas to assist, strengthen, and replicate successful initiatives; (4) developing and implementing strategic initiatives in keeping with policies that will strengthen families, communities, and the institutions of civil society; and (5) working to eliminate unnecessary legislative and regulatory barriers which impede the efforts of such initiatives to solve social problems.

Requires the heads of the Departments of Education, Labor, Justice, Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban Development, Agriculture, Commerce, and Veteran Affairs, the Agency for International Development, and the Small Business Administration to designate a liaison to coordinate the activities of the department or agency with the Office. Lists designated department or agency liaison responsibilities.
. The expanded summary of the Senate passed version is repeated here.) Office of Strategic Services Congressional Gold Medal Act  (Sec. 3) This bill requires the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate to arrange for the presentation of a Congressional Gold Medal to the members of the Office of Strategic Services in recognition of their service and contributions during World War II. After the medal is awarded, it must be given to the Smithsonian Institution. 
Services for Children of Substance Abusers Reauthorization Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require that the Director of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (currently, the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services administration) make grants for:  (1) services for children and families of substance abusers; (2) identification of such children and families; and (3) education and training of providers of such services. Adds alcohol and drug evaluation, treatment, and prevention to the services to be provided to children (replacing provisions mandating preventive counseling services).  Allows services to be delivered to families through an entity that meets State licensure or certification requirements for that service.  Mandates aggressive outreach to family members with substance abuse problems.  Modifies requirements regarding:  (1) mandated services for substance abusers; (2) grant eligibility; and (3) information submitted by grant applicants. 
Removes provisions mandating:  (1) coordination with the State lead agency and the State Interagency Coordinating Council under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; and (2) peer review as part of the grant awarding process. 
Authorizes grants for the training of personnel who provide services to vulnerable children and families to assist the professionals in recognizing drug and alcohol problems and to enhance their skills in identifying and obtaining substance abuse prevention and treatment resources. 
Authorizes appropriations.
International Child Labor Elimination Act of 1996 - Directs the Secretary of Labor to annually identify foreign countries that do not prohibit child labor, or that have laws prohibiting child labor but do not enforce them, and those industries in such countries in which child labor is used. 
Prohibits U.S. and multilateral assistance to identified countries, with specified exceptions. 
Authorizes appropriations for a U.S. contribution to the International Labor Organization for the activities of the International Program on the Elimination of Child Labor.
Trade and Professional Association Free Flow of Information Act of 1997 - Exempts a trade or professional association from civil liability relating to harm caused by the provision of specified information by the trade or professional association to a member of the trade or professional association. 
Authorizes a trade or professional association to file a special motion to strike any claim in a judicial proceeding against the trade or professional association on the ground that the claim is based on an act with respect to which the association is exempt from liability under this Act. 
Sets forth provisions regarding:  (1) procedures with respect to a special motion to strike; (2) qualified exemption of such associations from third-party discovery; (3) a special motion to quash a subpoena on the grounds that the trade or professional association is exempt from any third-party discovery request; (4) procedures with respect to a special motion to quash; (5) the right of such associations to object under rule 45 of the Federal Rules of Procedure or any similar rule or procedure under applicable State law; (6) a qualified association member privilege not to disclose confidential information received from the association relating to litigation involving the quality, performance, or defect of a product; (7) election of a State to be exempt from the requirements of this Act with respect to any civil action in a State court in which all of the parties are citizens of that State; and (8) preemption of State laws.
Amends the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to impose tariff-rate quotas (quantitative import limits) and provide various duty rates on certain casein, caseinates, milk protein concentrate, and other casein derivatives and glues imported into the United States (except imports from Mexico).Authorizes the President to: (1) enter into a trade agreement with a foreign country to grant new concessions as compensation in order to maintain the general level of reciprocal and mutually advantageous concessions; and (2) proclaim any necessary modification or continuance of any existing duty, or continuance of existing duty-free or excise treatment. Sets forth certain limits on the reduction of duties on such products.
Red River Private Property Protection Act  Declares that the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) of the Department of the Interior disclaims any right, title, and interest to certain lands along a stretch of the Red River between Texas and Oklahoma (the affected area) located south of the South Bank boundary line.   Directs the BLM, in identifying the current South Bank boundary line along the affected area, to commission a new survey that: (1) adheres to the gradient boundary survey method, (2) spans the entire length of the affected area, (3) is conducted by Licensed State Land Surveyors chosen by the Texas General Land Office, and (4) is completed within two years of enactment of this Act. Requires submission of the survey to the Texas General Land Office for approval.  Permits a private property owner who holds, right, title, or interest in the affected area, after the survey is completed and approved, to appeal public domain claims by the BLM to an Administrative Law Judge.  Instructs the BLM to:  ensure that no parcels of land in the affected area are treated as federal land for the purpose of any resource management plan until the survey has been completed and approved and the parcel is no longer subject to further appeal, and, subsequently, offer any remaining identified federal lands for disposal by competitive sale for at least fair market value.  Requires the BLM to submit to Congress a list of identified federal lands that have not been sold and the reasons why.
Melanie Blocker-Stokes Postpartum Depression Research and Care Act - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of NIH and the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health, to expand and intensify research and related activities of the Institute with respect to postpartum depression and postpartum psychosis. Authorizes appropriations.Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to make grants to provide for projects for the establishment, operation, and coordination of effective and cost-efficient systems for the delivery of essential services to individuals with postpartum depression or postpartum psychosis and their families. Authorizes appropriations.
Healthy Fisheries through Better Science Act - Amends the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act&nbsp;to require the Secretary of Commerce to develop and publish at least triennially in the Federal Register (on the same schedule as the fisheries research strategic plan) a plan to conduct stock assessments for all stocks of fish for which a fishery management plan is in effect.  Defines "stock assessment" as an evaluation of the past, present, and future status of a stock of fish, including: (1) a range of life history characteristics, including the stock's geographical boundaries, age, growth, natural mortality, sexual maturity and reproduction, feeding habits, and habitat preferences; and (2) fishing for the stock. Requires the plan to: (1) establish schedules for conducting initial stock assessments and updating previously conducted assessments; and (2) identify data and analysis, especially concerning recreational fishing, that would reduce uncertainty in and improve the accuracy of future stock assessments, including whether such data and analysis could be provided by nongovernmental sources,&nbsp;such as&nbsp;fishermen, fishing communities, universities, and research institutions. Provides for waivers of stock assessment requirements when the Secretary determines that the assessment is not necessary and justifies such determination in the Federal Register notice. Directs the Secretary to develop and publish in the Federal Register guidelines to incorporate data, analysis, and stock assessments from nongovernmental sources into fisheries management decisions and to establish a registry of information providers. Requires the Secretary and Regional Fishery Management Councils to use such information as the best scientific information available in fisheries management decisions, unless otherwise determined by the science and statistical committee of such Councils. Directs the Secretary to report to Congress&nbsp;regarding&nbsp;each fishery governed by a fishery management plan to: (1) identify the goals and methods of the applicable programs governing monitoring and enforcement of fishing subject to such plan; (2) certify which methods are most cost-effective; and (3) explain why such most-cost-effective methods are not required, if applicable. Prohibits the Secretary from collecting certain fishing permit fees and North Pacific Council fisheries research plan implementation fees before identifying the costs that will be recovered by such fee. 
John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission Act This bill establishes the John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission, which shall:  plan, develop, and carry out activities to honor John F. Kennedy on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of his birth; and   provide advice and assistance to federal, state, and local governmental agencies and civic groups to carry out activities to honor Kennedy on such occasion.  The commission shall submit to the President and Congress annual reports on its revenue and expenditures, such interim reports as appropriate, and a final report by August 31, 2017.  The commission shall terminate by September 30, 2017. The Inspector General of the Department of the Interior may perform an audit of the commission.
(This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the House on June 23, 2015.  Boys Town Centennial Commemorative Coin Act  (Sec. 3) Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue up to 50,000 $5 gold coins, 350,000 $1 silver coins, and 300,000 half-dollar clad coins to commemorate the centennial of the founding of Father Flanagan's Boys Town. (Sec. 4) Requires the design of the coins to be emblematic of the 100 years of Boys Town, one of the largest nonprofit child care agencies in the United States. (Sec. 5) Permits issuance of such coins only between January 1, 2017, and December 31, 2017. (Sec. 7) Subjects all coin sales to specified surcharges, which shall be paid to Boys Town to carry out its cause of caring for and assisting children and families in underserved communities across America. Prohibits any surcharge if issuance of the coin would exceed the annual commemorative coin program issuance limitation. (Sec. 8) Directs the Secretary to ensure that: (1) minting and issuing such coins will not result in any net cost to the federal government; and (2) no funds, including surcharges, will be disbursed to Boys Town until the total cost of designing and issuing all authorized coins is recovered by the Treasury.
Pine River Project Conveyance Act - Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to convey to the Pine River Irrigation District, Colorado, a specified interest of the Pine River Project (a water facilities project which includes the Vallecito Dam and Reservoir in Colorado, along with related easements and appurtenances). Extinguishes upon the conveyance date all current obligations between the District and:  (1) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; and (2) the Bureau of Land Management.  Requires the District to pay 50 percent of all title transfer costs.  Authorizes the Secretary to convey a remaining fractional interest in such Project to the Southern Ute Indian Tribe of Colorado, pursuant to a specified memorandum of understanding. 
Provides for:  (1) the transfer of certain inundated lands along the Dam and Reservoir; and (2) appropriate administrative jurisdiction over such lands after such transfer. 
Prohibits such conveyance until the completion of specified events, including compliance with applicable environmental laws, issuance of a statement by the Ute Tribe to the Secretary that their trust assets have been protected, execution of an agreement acceptable to the Secretary which limits the future liability of the United States relative to the operation of the Project, and development of a flood control plan by the Secretary of the Army which shall direct the District in the operation of the Vallecito Dam for such purpose. Directs the Secretary, if the transfer is not substantially completed within 18 months from the enactment of this Act, to report to specified congressional committees on the transfer's status, obstacles, and anticipated completion date.
Preserving Employee Wellness Programs Act This bill declares that a workplace wellness program, by offering a reward to participants, does not violate the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 or title I or II of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 if the program complies with Public Health Service Act requirements. Collection of information about a family member's manifested disease or disorder is not considered an unlawful acquisition of genetic information with respect to another family member participating in a workplace wellness program. This bill takes effect as if enacted on March 23, 2010.
High-Performance Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 - Amends the High-Performance Computing Act of 1991 to direct the President to implement a High-Performance Computing Research and Development Program (current law provides for a National High-Performance Computing Program) and revise program requirements.

Requires the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to: (1) establish the goals and priorities for Federal high-performance computing research, development, networking, and other activities; (2) establish Program Component Areas that implement such goals and identify the Grand Challenges (i.e., fundamental problems in science or engineering, with broad economic and scientific impact, whose solutions will require the application of high-performance computing resources) that the Program should address; and (3) develop and maintain a research, development, and deployment road map for the provision of high-performance computing systems. Eliminates the requirement that the Director provide for interagency coordination of the Program.

Revises requirements for annual reports by requiring that such reports: (1) describe Program Component Areas, including any changes in the definition of or activities under such Areas and the reasons for such changes, and describe Grand Challenges supported under the Program; (2) describe the levels of Federal funding and the levels proposed for each Program Component Area; (3) describe the levels of Federal funding for each agency and department participating in the Program for each such Area; and (4) include an analysis of the extent to which the Program incorporates the recommendations of the advisory committee on high-performance computing. Eliminates the requirement that such reports include reports from the Secretary of Energy on Department of Energy activities taken to carry out the National High-Performance Computing Program.

Requires such advisory committee to: (1) provide the Director with an independent assessment of the balance between components of the Program, including funding levels for the Program Component Areas and whether the research and development undertaken pursuant to the Program is helping to maintain U.S. leadership in high-performance computing and networking; and (2) conduct periodic evaluations of the funding, management, coordination, implementation, and activities of the Program, and report at least once every two fiscal years to specified congressional committees.

Requires the Office of Management and Budget to identify each element of its high-performance computing activities which contributes directly to the Program Component Areas or benefits from the Program.

Repeals requirements under the Act for the National Research and Education Network and the Next Generation Internet.

Modifies provisions regarding responsibilities of the National Science Foundation, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the Secretary of Energy, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and the Environmental Protection Agency.
Make College Affordable Act of 1999 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow the deduction of qualified higher education expenses and interest on qualified higher education loans.  Limits such deduction based on modified adjusted gross income.
Uniformed Services Medicare Subvention Demonstration Project Act - Directs the Secretaries of Defense and Health and Human Services (HHS) to jointly establish a demonstration project to provide the Department of Defense (DOD) with reimbursement, under provisions of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act, for health services provided to Medicare-eligible covered military beneficiaries who participate in the project and receive such services through the managed care option of the TRICARE program (a DOD managed health care program).  Requires the project to be conducted during the three-year period beginning on January 1, 1997, in two or more regions in which the TRICARE program has been implemented.  Requires inclusion in the project of a provision for expansion to incorporate health care services provided to such beneficiaries under the fee-for-services options of the TRICARE program if the Secretaries determine that such expansion is feasible and advisable. 
Requires the Secretaries to submit to the Congress an interim and final report on project participants and on the project's effects on military medical care access, readiness, and training. 
Directs the HHS Secretary to make monthly payments to DOD from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund representing appropriate reimbursement amounts.  Provides for the determination of such amounts. 
Directs the Secretaries to:  (1) establish minimum and maximum project enrollment levels; and (2) determine baseline costs of such care and coverage.  Directs the Secretary of Defense to waive the enrollment fee for individuals enrolled in a TRICARE program participating in the project. 
Requires the Comptroller General, for each project year, to submit to the Secretaries and the Congress a report on the extent to which costs under the TRICARE program and the Medicare program have increased as a result of the project.  Directs the Secretaries to modify the project at the end of each year to correct for any discrepancy between cost targets and actual spending under the project.
Congressional Accountability Act - Applies, by a specified conditional date, provisions of the following laws to the legislative branch:  (1) the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938; (2) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; (3) the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990; (4) the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967; (5) Titles I and V of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; (6) the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970; (7) provisions relating to Federal labor management relations; (8) the Employee Polygraph Protection Act of 1988; (9) the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; and (10) the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.  Requires that an action to abate a violation of OSHA for which a citation is received take place as soon as possible, but no later than the fiscal year after the citation is issued. 
(Sec. 4) Establishes in the legislative branch an Office of Compliance to study and report to the Congress on:  (1) the application of such laws to the legislative branch; (2) an examination of the procedures used by the instrumentalities to enforce the application of such laws; and (3) a determination as to whether to direct an instrumentality to make improvements in its regulations and procedures so as to assure that they are as effective as those specified in this Act.  Authorizes the Office's Board of Directors to direct an instrumentality that has no such procedures to adopt the requisite procedures.  Requires the Board to issue regulations governing such applicability which shall be subject to congressional approval. 
Makes applicable to the legislative branch any provision of Federal law to the extent that it relates to the terms and conditions of employment (including protection from discrimination in personnel actions health and safety of employees, and family and medical leave). 
(Sec. 5) Directs the Office, on an ongoing basis, to:  (1) determine which of such laws should apply to the legislative branch; (2) study the application to the legislative branch of laws enacted after enactment of this Act; and (3) issue regulations to apply such laws to the legislative branch subject to congressional approval. 
Sets forth House and Senate procedures for bills to implement such regulations. 
(Sec. 6) Requires the Office to:  (1) carry out an education program for Members of Congress and other employing authorities of the legislative branch respecting the laws made applicable to them a program to inform individuals of their rights under such laws and this Act; (3) publish statistics on the use of the Office by congressional employees; and (4) develop a system for the collection of demographic data on the composition of the congressional employees. 
(Sec. 7) Sets forth procedures for consideration of alleged violations of the laws made applicable to the legislative branch consisting of the following steps:  (1) counseling through the Office; (2) mediation with office; (3) formal complaint and hearing by a board; (4) judicial review if a congressional employee is aggrieved by a dismissal, final decision, or an order by the hearing board or if a head of an employing office is aggrieved by a final decision or would be subject to an order issued by such board; and (5) as an alternative to steps 3 and 4, a civil action in a U.S. district court. 
(Sec. 14) Declares that any intimidation of, or reprisal against, any employee because of the exercise of a right under this Act constitutes an unlawful employment practice that may be remedied in the same manner under this Act as is a violation of law made applicable to the legislative branch. 
(Sec. 15) Requires all counseling, mediation, and hearings and deliberations of a hearing board to be confidential.  Permits the records of hearing boards to be made public if required for judicial review.  Authorizes the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct and the Senate Select Committee on Ethics to have access to the hearing and decisions of the hearing board only after the board has made a decision with respect to the matter. 
(Sec. 17) Limits a congressional employee to the judicial proceeding provided by this Act to redress prohibited practices. 
(Sec. 18) Requires the Office to study and report to the Congress on:  (1) the ways that public access to information held by the Congress may be improved, streamlined, and made consistent between the House and the Senate; and (2) the application of the Freedom of Information Act and the Right of Privacy Act to the legislative branch.
Children's Hope Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to provide for a credit ($100, $200 for joint return) which is dependent on enactment of State qualified scholarship tax credits and which is allowed against the Federal income tax for charitable contributions to education investment organizations (as defined by this Act) that provide qualifying assistance for elementary and secondary education.
National Uniform Food Safety Labeling Act - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to deem food to be misbranded unless certain labeling information is provided concerning: (1) raw or partially cooked eggs, fish and shellfish, dairy products, or unpasteurized juice in ready-to-eat form; (2) frozen fish and shellfish other than smoked, cured, cooked, or commercially sterilized; (3) raw eggs; (4) country of origin for perishable agricultural commodities or derived products ; (5) freshness dates; (6) food labeled as natural; (7) kosher and kosher-style foods; (8) unit pricing; and (9) grades (where customary) for farm products.
United States Employee Ownership Bank Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to establish the United States Employee Ownership Bank to foster increased employee ownership and greater employee participation in company decisionmaking throughout the United States.

Requires the Bank to make: (1) loans (subordinated to the interests of all other creditors) and loan guarantees to employees to purchase a business through an employee stock ownership plan or eligible worker-owned cooperative; and (2) grants to states and nonprofit and cooperative organizations with experience in developing employee-owned businesses and worker-owned cooperatives to provide education, outreach, and technical assistance to such employee business efforts.

Requires the Bank to insure such loans or loan guarantees against nonrepayment of the outstanding loan balance.
Clean, Learn, Educate, Abolish, Neutralize, and Undermine Production (CLEAN-UP) of Methamphetamines Act of 2002 - Authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior to carry out environmental cleanup and remediation programs involving specified lands that are contaminated with hazardous substances associated with illegal methamphetamine manufacture.Directs: (1) the Secretary of Transportation and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to designate as hazardous certain byproducts of the methamphetamine production process and expand penalties against laboratory operators; (2) the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration to list byproducts likely to cause long-term environmental harm; (3) the Secretary of Labor, acting through the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, to provide grants to local law enforcement for specified training and equipment acquisition; (4) the EPA Administrator to study the impact of methamphetamine laboratory operation on the environment; and (5) the Secretary of Health and Human Services to study contamination issues.Amends: (1) the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to authorize grants for educational programs; (2) the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants to provide treatment; (3) the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to include among permissible grant projects under the "cops on the beat" program hiring personnel and purchasing equipment; and (4) the Controlled Substances Act to set penalties for promoting an entertainment event where the promoter knows that a controlled substance will be used or distributed in violation of specified law.Urges the President to seek commitments from the Canadian Government regarding the availability of pseudoephedrine.
California Indian Land Transfer Act - Transfers all right, title, and interest of the U.S. in and to specified lands to certain California Indian tribes to be held in trust by the U.S. for the benefit of such Indian tribes.    Terminates grazing privileges on the lands two years after the date of enactment of this Act.
Garment Consumer's Right-to-Know Act of 2005 - Amends the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to require apparel manufacturers to: (1) maintain, for at least three years, certain records and information with respect to the employees and homeworkers of each contractor they engage; (2) enter contracts that require such contractors to provide them with such information about working conditions; and (3) submit copies of such records and contracts to the Secretary of Labor, who shall make such information fully and freely available to the public, through printed and electronic databases searchable on the Internet. Sets forth civil penalties for violations of such requirements.
Authorizes the President to award to Dr. Dorothy Height, on behalf of Congress, a congressional gold medal in recognition of her many contributions to the Nation.
Anaktuvuk Pass Land Exchange and Wilderness Redesignation Act of 1994 - Ratifies and confirms the agreement among the United States, the Arctic Slope Regional Corporation, the Nunamiut Corporation, and the city of Anaktuvuk Pass executed on December 17, 1992.  Requires the lands acquired by the United States pursuant to such Agreement to be administered by the Secretary of the Interior as part of the Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve. 
Amends the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act to provide for:  (1) the addition and the rescission of lands within the Gates of the Arctic Wilderness; and (2) the addition of lands to the Noatak National Preserve and the Noatak Wilderness.
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Act - (Sec. 1) Re-establishes the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) in the Department of Commerce, headed by the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere who will serve as the Administrator of NOAA.Places within NOAA: (1) the National Coastal and Ocean Service; (2) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Research Service; (3) the National Marine Fisheries Service; (4) the National Weather Service; (5) the National Environmental Satellite and Data Information Service; (6) the Office of Marine and Aviation Operations; and (7) such other components as the Secretary considers necessary.Establishes within NOAA the positions of: (1) Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere; (2) Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere; (3) Deputy Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere; (4) General Counsel; and (5) Assistant Administrators for the Services and a Director of Marine and Aviation Operations and the Commissioned Officer Corps.(Sec. 2) Re-establishes the Coastal Ocean Program and eliminates the development of ocean technology as one of its goals.Establishes within NOAA a Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory, a Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory, and an Atlantic Oceanographic and Meteorological Laboratory.Establishes in law (what already exists in fact) within NOAA: (1) a National Undersea Research Program; (2) an Ocean Exploration Program; and (3) a Science Advisory Board.Authorizes the Secretary of Commerce (Secretary) to designate units of and to coordinate the Coastal Ocean Observing System to collect data necessary to carry out the primary missions of NOAA .Requires the Secretary, before designating a regional coastal ocean observing system as a unit of the national system, to establish standards and protocols for the distribution of data by regional systems. Requires the Secretary to use such data to develop forecast models to support coastal and fishery management, marine navigation, weather and climate predictions and other appropriate activities.Authorizes appropriations to the Secretary for FY 2003 through 2007 for: (1) ARGO floats; (2) ocean and coastal research activities; (3) activities related to the Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory and associated cooperative institutes; (4) Coastal Ocean Program activities; (5) National Undersea Research Program activities; (6) Ocean Exploration Program activities; (7) Tsunami hazard migration activities; (8) Arctic research partnership programs; (9) coastal environmental health and biomolecular research activities; (10) coastal ocean observing activities; and (11) the operation of the Science Advisory Board.Directs the National Ocean Research Leadership Council to report to specified congressional committees a plan for implementing the October 10, 2000, report of the President's Panel on Ocean Exploration, including a recommendation for a dedicated multiyear, multidisciplinary voyage of discovery.Reauthorizes appropriations to the Secretary to enable NOAA to: (1) provide corporate services (but excluding the current provision of retired pay of NOAA commissioned officers); (2) carry out marine services activities (including ship planning); and (3) carry out activities related to maintenance, repair, safety, environmental compliance, and project planning and execution or facilities for FY 2003 through 2007.(Sec. 3) Increases from $250,000 or 5 percent of the total funding to $500,000 or 10 percent of the total funding the threshold amount requiring the Secretary to notify specified committees before reprogramming NOAA funds..
Gallatin Land Consolidation Act of 1998 - Authorizes a land exchange (for inclusion in the Gallatin National Forest) between the Secretaries of Agriculture and the Interior and the Big Sky Lumber Company (BSL). 
Provides that if BSL offers fee title to specified land that is acceptable to the United States, the Secretary of:  (1) Agriculture shall accept a warranty deed to the land, convey to BSL (subject to specified limitations) fee title to up to 25,000 acres of National Forest System land, grant to BSL timber harvest rights to up to 50 million board feet of timber, and (subject to availability of funds) purchase land belonging to BSL in the Taylor Fork area at a purchase price of up to $6.5 million; and (2) the Interior shall convey fee title to approximately 1,860 acres of Bureau of Land Management land. 
Requires that the property and other assets exchanged by BSL and the United States be approximately equal in value, as determined by the Secretary of Agriculture. 
Directs the Secretary of Agriculture to prepare, grant to BSL, and administer specified timber harvest rights over a period of five consecutive years.  Specifies that timber harvest volume shall constitute the timber sale program for the Gallatin National Forest for that five-year period.  Directs such Secretary, if exceptional circumstances prevent the Secretary from conveying such rights, to replace the value of the diminished harvest rights by substituting equivalent timber harvest rights volume from the same market area, conveying national forest lands containing merchantable timber with such Forest, or making a payment from funds from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
Sets forth provisions regarding:  (1) procedures applicable to all national forest timber harvest rights identified for exchange; (2) the exchange agreement; (3) rights-of-way; (4) quality of title; and (5) timing of implementation of the exchange agreement.
Medicare Psychiatric Hospital Prospective Payment System Act of 1999 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to: (1) provide for a prospective payment system for inpatient psychiatric facility hospital services; and (2) exempt such services from certain reductions under the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (BBA'97), and, instead limit payment to not less than a certain applicable percentage of the amount that would have been paid if such reductions did not apply. 
Provides that the amendments made by this Act shall apply as if included in the enactment of BBA'97.
Transitional Medical Assistance Improvement Act of 2001 - Amends title XIX (Medicaid) of the Social Security Act (SSA) to revise the program commonly referred to as the transitional medical assistance (TMA) program. Authorizes States to: (1) extend the eligibility for TMA of low-income individuals for up to 12 additional months; and (2) allow another six months of eligibility, in certain circumstances, in the case of family eligible for or receiving Medicaid for less than three of the previous six months. Repeals the sunset date for TMA (thus making the program permanent).
Drug Sentencing Reform Act of 2001 - Amends the Controlled Substances Act and the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act to decrease the amount of powder cocaine and increase the amount of crack cocaine necessary to trigger the mandatory minimum penalties relating to the trafficking in, and possession, importation, or distribution of, cocaine.Directs the United States Sentencing Commission to amend the sentencing guidelines to ensure: (1) that guideline offense levels based upon the quantity of powder cocaine and crack cocaine are consistent with this Act, and that they provide an additional penalty increase of from two to eight levels if the defendant used or credibly threatened violence, or possessed a dangerous weapon, during the course of a drug trafficking offense; (2) an additional increase of at least two levels if the defendant has a leadership role (as specified) in drug trafficking activity involving super-aggravating factors; and (3) that there be a limit on sentence (as specified) when the defendant has a lesser role.Requires the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to carry out a pilot program at one or more designated facilities to place each eligible prisoner on home detention until the date on which that prisoner's term of imprisonment expires. Defines "eligible prisoner" as a prisoner who is at least 65 years old, has not been determined by the Bureau to have a history of violence, and meets other specified criteria.Grants the Commission certain emergency amendment authority.
Litigation Relief for Forest Management Projects Act This bill amends the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 to prohibit any additional consultation from being required with respect to: (1) the listing of a species as threatened or endangered, or a designation of a critical habitat, if a land management plan has been adopted by the Department of Agriculture as of the designation date; or (2) any provision of such an adopted plan.  The bill amends the Federal land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to prohibit any additional consultation from being required with respect to: (1) the listing of a species as threatened or endangered, or a designation of critical habitat, if a land use plan has been adopted by the Department of the Interior as of the designation date; or (2) any provision of such an adopted plan. 
Nepal Trade Preferences Act - Authorizes the President to give preferential treatment to certain articles imported directly from Nepal into the U.S. customs territory if that country meets certain requirements under the African Growth and Opportunity Act, including a market-based economy and the rule of law, the protection of human rights and internationally-recognized worker rights, elimination of trade barriers to the United States, and non-engagement in activities that undermine U.S. national security or foreign policy interests or support acts of international terrorism. Requires Nepal also to meet certain eligibility criteria for designation as a beneficiary developing country under the Trade Act of 1974. Authorizes certain import-sensitive articles (watches, electronic articles, steel articles, footwear and certain other apparel, and glass products) imported directly from Nepal to enter the U.S. customs territory duty-free if: (1) the article is the growth, product, or manufacture of Nepal; (2) the President determines, after receiving advice from the U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC), that the article is not import-sensitive; and (3) the sum of the cost or value of the materials produced in, and the manufacturing costs performed in, Nepal or the U.S. customs territory is at least 35% of the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered. Limits to 15% of the appraised value of the article at the time it is entered the cost or value of the materials produced in, and the manufacturing costs performed in, the U.S. customs territory, and attributed to the 35% requirement. Grants duty-free treatment to certain textile or apparel articles: (1) wholly assembled in Nepal, without regard to the country of origin of the yarn or fabric used to make them; and (2) imported directly from Nepal into the U.S. customs territory.  Prescribes requirements for handloomed, handmade, folklore articles or ethnic printed fabrics. Terminates the extension of preferential treatment to Nepal after December 31, 2023. 
Welfare and Teenage Pregnancy Reduction Act - Amends title IV of the Social Security Act to repeal part A (Aid to Families with Dependent Children) (AFDC) and replace it with a program of block grants to States for such families. 
Authorizes appropriations to the Secretary of Health and Human Services for such grants. 
Prohibits the use of grant funds to provide assistance with respect to a dependent child if:  (1) the mother or father has not reached age 19; or (2) the paternity or maternity of such child has not been established. 
Declares that, during the first year following arrival in a State from another State of a family with a dependent child, the State may apply its own rules or the rules of that other State. 
Authorizes the Secretary to suspend or withhold part or all of a grant to a State for a fiscal year if, after reviewing the State's annual report on its program, the Secretary determines that the State program has not, during the immediately preceding fiscal year, adequately met the needs of such families. 
Directs the Secretary to take necessary action to ensure that, for each fiscal year, the total administrative costs of the AFDC program, as revised by this Act, shall not exceed half of the total administrative costs of the AFDC program as in effect for FY 1994.
American Samoa Study Commission Act - Establishes the American Samoa Study Commission to study and report on all factors that led to American Samoa's historical and present political status and relationship with the United States. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act - Requires the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, to establish a program to provide financial assistance for projects to promote the conservation of neotropical migratory birds. 
Makes the following entities that submit project proposals to the Secretary eligible for such assistance:  (1) Federal, State, or local governmental entities or private entities; (2) governmental or private entities in Latin America or the Caribbean; or (3) international organizations that are dedicated to achieving this Act's purposes. 
Limits the Federal share of project costs to 33 percent. 
Establishes a Neotropical Migratory Bird Advisory Committee to carry out specified duties with respect to projects and assistance. 
Authorizes appropriations to carry out this Act for FY 1999 through 2001.
Clean Water Infrastructure Financing Act of 2003 - Amends the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to remove certain requirements for States with respect to construction of treatment works under capitalization grant agreements.Requires architectural and engineering contracts to be awarded consistent with procedures under the Federal Property and Administrative Services Act of 1949 or an equivalent State qualifications-based requirement.Directs the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to assist States in establishing simplified procedures for small water systems to obtain assistance under the Act.Requires revolving funds to be used only for providing assistance for activities which have as a principal benefit the improvement or protection of water quality of navigable waters. Makes revisions concerning uses of funds for: (1) innovative technologies; (2) administrative expenses; (3) small system technical, planning, and management assistance; and (4) financially distressed communities.Revises requirements related to consistency with plans and eligibility of treatment works not considered publicly owned.Requires States to make grants to financially distressed communities in any fiscal year in which the Administrator has more than $1.4 billion available for obligation and allows a State to give priority to such communities in making loans.Directs the Administrator to provide technical and financial assistance to owners and operators of publicly-owned treatment works for: (1) inventorying critical treatment works assets; (2) evaluating the performance and condition of these assets; and (3) developing a plan for maintaining and replacing treatment works.Reauthorizes appropriations for FY 2004 through 2008 for the revolving fund program.
Three Kids Mine Remediation and Reclamation Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to convey to the Henderson Redevelopment Agency of the city of Henderson, Nevada, specified federal land within the Three Kids Mine Project Site for the environmental remediation and reclamation of the Site.  Requires Henderson Redevelopment Agency to pay the fair market value, if any, of the federal land, as determined and as adjusted based on remediation and reclamation costs. Excludes from the determination of fair market value any existing contamination associated with historical mining on such land.  Adjusts the boundary of the River Mountains Area of Critical Environmental Concern to exclude any part of the Project Site.
Email Privacy Act This bill amends the federal criminal code to revise provisions that limit an electronic communication service (ECS) or remote communication service (RCS) provider from disclosing the contents of a wire or electronic communication that is in electronic storage.  Additionally, it revises the standards for the government to compel an ECS or RCS provider to disclose contents of a wire or electronic communication or noncontent records or information pertaining to a subscriber or customer.  An ECS or RCS provider may notify a subscriber or customer of the receipt of a warrant, court order, subpoena, or request, unless the government obtains an order for delayed notification.  The bill revises the process for obtaining a delayed notification order and lengthens the maximum duration of a delayed notification order. 
State Marihuana And Regulatory Tolerance Enforcement Act This bill amends the Controlled Substances Act to prohibit federal enforcement of marijuana offenses in a state that: (1) requests a waiver from the Department of Justice (DOJ) certifying that it legalized marijuana; (2) demonstrates a regulatory scheme sufficient to protect federal interests (e.g., preventing marijuana distribution to minors); and (3) agrees to study and report on certain outcomes. DOJ may revoke the waiver of a state that fails to meets the conditions. &nbsp; 
Telemarketing Intrusive Practices Act of 2001 - Directs the Federal Trade Commission to: (1) establish, maintain, and periodically update for each State a list of consumers who request not to receive telephone sales calls; and (2) notify consumers of the establishment of the lists.Makes the consumer responsible for requesting the Commission to be included on such list.Mandates: (1) deletion of consumer information from such list upon consumer request; and (2) maintenance of a no call list by a telephone solicitor.Prohibits telephone solicitations to a consumer: (1) who has previously requested inclusion in the solicitor's no-call list; (2) who is included in the then current quarterly lists made available by the Commission; and (3) between specified evening hours.Provides for a civil cause of action by the Commission, and a private right of action by a person or entity, for violations of this Act.
 Prevent All Soring Tactics Act of 2013 or the PAST Act - Amends the Horse Protection Act (HPA) to replace the Designated Qualified Persons program responsible for inspecting horses for soring with a new inspection system. (The soring of horses is any of various actions taken on a horse's limb to produce a higher gait that may cause pain, distress, inflammation, or lameness.) Directs the Department of Agriculture (USDA) to prescribe regulatory requirements to license, train, assign, and oversee persons who are to be hired by the management of horse shows, exhibitions, sales, or auctions and are qualified to detect and diagnose sore horses or otherwise inspect horses at such events.  Prohibits issuing a license to any person unless such person is free from conflicts of interest. Authorizes USDA to revoke a license for unsatisfactory performance. Requires USDA to give a preference to persons who are licensed or accredited veterinarians in issuing the licenses. Requires USDA to assign USDA-licensed inspectors after receiving notice that management intends to hire the inspectors. Directs an inspector to issue a citation for violations and notify USDA of the violations within five days of the citation being issued. Requires USDA to: (1) publish on the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service's website information on violations of such Act; and (2) disqualify a horse that is sore for specified time periods that increase after the first, second, and third instance. Prohibits a person in any horse show, horse exhibition, or horse sale or auction from causing or directing a horse to become sore for the purpose of showing, exhibiting, selling, auctioning, or offering for sale the horse.  Prohibits showing, exhibiting, selling, or auctioning a Tennessee Walking, a Racking, or a Spotted Saddle horse with: (1) an action device that causes friction by rotating around a horse's leg or sliding up and down the leg or strikes the hoof, coronet band, fetlock joint, or pastern of the horse; or (2) a weighted shoe, pad, wedge, hoof band, or other device or material if it is constructed to artificially alter a horse's gait and is not strictly protective or therapeutic.  Increases the maximum criminal penalties and maximum civil liability penalties for certain HPA violations.  Authorizes USDA to disqualify a violator from: (1) transporting or arranging for the transportation of a horse to or from a show, exhibition, sale, or auction; (2) personally giving instructions to an exhibitor; or (3) being knowingly present in a warm-up area, inspection area, or other area that spectators are not permitted.  Permits USDA to permanently disqualify a person with at least three violations after notice and an opportunity for a hearing.
Investment in America Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) make permanent the tax credit for increasing research activities; (2) increase the rates of the alternative incremental credit for certain research expenses; and (3) permit a taxpayer election of an alternative simplified tax credit for research expenses in lieu of the standard tax credit for increasing research activities.
Judicial Redress Act of 2015 Authorizes the Department of Justice (DOJ) to designate foreign countries or regional economic integration organizations whose natural citizens may bring civil actions under the Privacy Act of 1974 against certain U.S. government agencies for purposes of accessing, amending, or redressing unlawful disclosures of records maintained by an agency. Allows DOJ, with the concurrence of the Department of State, the Department of the Treasury, and the Department of Homeland Security, to designate countries or organizations whose citizens may pursue such civil remedies if the person's country or organization has appropriate privacy protections for sharing information with the United States to prevent, investigate, detect, or prosecute criminal offenses. Exempts DOJ's designations from judicial or administrative review.  Grants the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising under this Act. 
Teacher Sabbatical Leave Grants Act - Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to authorize the Secretary of Education to make grants to State and local educational agencies to pay for one-half of the salaries of teachers who use approved sabbatical leave to pursue courses of study to improve their classroom teaching.
Sets forth certain measures that shall be applied in the event that a Palestinian state is unilaterally declared, including: (1) the enforcement of section 1003 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1988 and 1989 (Public Law 100-204) calling for certain prohibitions regarding the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) such as prohibiting the establishment of a PLO office in the United States; (2) the prohibition of U.S. assistance to the government of any unilaterally declared Palestinian state, the Palestinian Authority (or to any successor entity), and any programs or projects in the West Bank or Gaza (except humanitarian assistance); (3) the withholding of a specified percentage of the U.S. contribution to any international organization that recognizes a unilaterally declared Palestinian state; and (4) U.S. opposition to such state's membership in any international financial institution or the extension by such institution of any loan or other financial assistance to it.Authorizes the President to suspend, for one year, a number of the requirements under this Act if he determines and certifies to specified congressional committees that it is in the national security interest of the United States.
Veterans Outreach Improvement Act of 2007 - Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish, maintain, and modify as necessary procedures for ensuring the effective coordination of outreach activities of the Department of Veterans Affairs between and among the Office of the Secretary, the Office of Public Affairs, the Veterans Health Administration, the Veterans Benefits Administration, and the National Cemetery Administration.

Directs the Secretary to give priority to state and county outreach assistance in locations that: (1) have relatively large concentrations of veterans; or (2) are experiencing growth in veteran populations. Authorizes the Secretary to make grants to state or county veterans agencies for state and local outreach services. Requires each participating agency to submit annually to the Secretary a three-year plan for the use of such funds.

Authorizes appropriations.
Indian and Alaska Native Foster Care and Adoption Services Amendments of 2003 - Amends title IV part E of the Social Security Act (Foster Care and Adoption Assistance) to authorize an Indian tribe or intertribal consortium meeting certain requirements to receive Federal foster care maintenance payments for children placed in its custody.Prescribes procedural guidelines for foster care programs operated by Indian tribal organizations.
Medicare Quality Cancer Care Demonstration Project Act of 2009 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a quality cancer care demonstration project for the purpose of establishing quality metrics and aligning payment incentives under title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act in the areas of treating planning and end-of-life care for Medicare beneficiaries with cancer.
Medical Laboratory Personnel Shortage Act of 2003 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS), through scholarships and loans for health professional training that may be modeled after the National Health Service Corps' scholarship and loan repayment programs, to alleviate the shortage of medical laboratory personnel where needed. Allows schools of allied health, as well as health care institution-based programs training medical laboratory personnel, to receive such awards.Requires the Secretary to give preference, in making awards of grants and contracts to increase the number of individuals trained in allied health professions, to entities with programs training medical laboratory personnel. Directs the Secretary to develop and issue public service announcements advertising medical laboratory personnel careers and encouraging individuals to enter the medical laboratory field.Directs the Secretary to make grants for training to increase the number of cytotechnologists available for screening women for cervical cancer.
Walnut Canyon Study Act of 2007 - Directs the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to conduct a study of specified federal land in Coconino National Forest, state and private lands, and Walnut Canyon National Monument in Arizona (the study area) to evaluate: (1) the significance of the resources and public values of the study area as the resources and public values pertain to the management objectives of the Forest Service and the National Park Service (NPS); (2) the opportunities for maintaining existing public uses; and (3) a range of options for managing and conserving resources by the NPS or the Forest Service, or by both agencies, including the feasibility of a boundary adjustment to the Monument, designation of the study area as a National Recreation Area, maintaining the study area as managed by the Forest Service, and any other designation or management option that will accomplish the protection of resources and the maintenance of public use and access for such area.

Requires the Secretaries to: (1) designate the Forest Service as the lead agency; (2) consult with appropriate federal, state, county, and local government entities; (3) contract with a third-party consultant with experience in park and land use planning to prepare a draft study; and (4) collaborate with the Forest Supervisor of the Coconino National Forest, the Superintendent of the Flagstaff Area National Monuments, the Flagstaff City Council, and Coconino County Board of Supervisors in developing a scope of work for the draft study under the guidance of the third-party consultant.
Asthma Act - Authorizes additional appropriations to the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute to carry out the National Asthma Education and Prevention Program for FY 1999 through 2003.  Requires the coordinating committee established for such Program to report to the Congress on the scope of asthma in the United States, all Federal programs that carry out asthma-related activities, and any recommendations for strengthening and better coordinating such activities. 
Authorizes additional appropriations to the Centers for Disease Control to collaborate with the States to expand the scope of activities carried out to determine the incidence and prevalence of asthma, and prevent its health consequences. 
Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Service to make grants to nonprofit private entities for projects to carry out community outreach activities regarding asthma information, education, and services. Authorizes appropriations. 
Directs the Secretary to carry out a program to encourage the States to implement plans to assist children with respect to asthma, including matching grants to any State with a children's health insurance program under title XXI of the Social Security Act. Authorizes appropriations. 
Authorizes the Secretary of Education to make grants to local educational agencies for programs to carry out asthma-related activities for children at specified elementary and secondary schools located in communities with a significant number of low-income or underserved individuals.  Authorizes appropriations. 
Expresses the sense of the Congress that:  (1) hospitals should be encouraged to offer asthma-related education and training to asthma patients and their families upon such patients' discharge; (2) hospitals should, with respect to information on asthma, establish telephone services for patients and communicate with primary service providers; (3) managed care organizations should be encouraged to disseminate asthma clinical practice guidelines to providers, collect and maintain asthma data, and offer asthma-related education and training to asthma patients and their families; and (4) all Federal, State, and local asthma-related activities should promote Public Health Service guidelines and recommendations on asthma diagnosis and management, and be designed in consultation with relevant organizations and advocates representing asthma sufferers.
Veterans' Electronic Health Record Modernization Oversight Act of 2017  (Sec. 2) This bill directs the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide Congress with:    certain planning and implementation documents and contracts related to its Electronic Health Record Modernization program to implement an electronic health or medical record system to replace any or all of the Veterans Information Systems and Technology Architecture, the Computerized Patient Record System, the Joint Legacy Viewer, or the Enterprise Health Management Platform;   quarterly updates of certain of such documents;  copies of related contracts, orders, or agreements within 5 days; and  notice within 10 days of delays of any milestone or deliverable exceeding 30 days, change requests exceeding $1 million, protest submissions, data losses, or breaches of patient privacy. 
Ensuring Military Readiness Through Stability and Predictability Deployment Policy Act - Prohibits any unit of the regular Armed Forces from being deployed for Operations Iraqi Freedom or Enduring Freedom unless the period between the most recent previous deployment and a subsequent deployment is equal to or longer than the period of the most recent previous deployment. Expresses the sense of Congress that the optimal minimum period between such deployments should be equal to or longer than twice the period of the most recent previous deployment.

Prohibits any unit of the reserves from being deployed for such Operations unless the period between the most recent previous deployment and a subsequent deployment is at least three times longer than the period of the most recent previous deployment. Expresses the sense of Congress that units of the reserves should not be mobilized continuously for more than one year, and that the optimal minimum period between such deployments should be five years.

Provides exceptions from deployment requirements.

Authorizes the President or chief of staff of the military department concerned to waive such requirements under certain circumstances.
Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas Equal and Fair Opportunity Settlement Act  This bill amends the Alabama-Coushatta Tribes of Texas Restoration Act to repeal the prohibition against gaming activities by the Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas on its lands if those gaming activities are prohibited by Texas law.  The United States and the Tribe must execute and file in each applicable court a motion for dismissal of any pending claim arising out of or relating to any interest in the aboriginal lands of the Tribe.  Any claim by or on behalf of the Tribe, or any predecessor in interest or any of its members, against the United States, Texas, or any landowner, that is based on any interest in or right involving any land or natural resources regarding the aboriginal lands, is hereby extinguished.
Spring Mountains National Recreation Area Act - Establishes the Spring Mountains National Recreation Area in Nevada. 
Requires the Secretary of Agriculture to develop a general management plan for the Area as an amendment to the Toiyabe National Forest Land and Resource Management Plan.  Requires inclusion in the plan any Bureau of Land Management recommendations as to the suitability of specified wilderness study areas for preservation as wilderness. 
Directs the Secretary, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, to manage the lands and waters within the wilderness study areas to maintain their potential for inclusion within the National Wilderness Preservation System, pending submission of such recommendation and until otherwise directed by an Act of the Congress. 
Authorizes the Secretary to acquire such lands, or lesser interests in lands, as necessary to carry out this Act. 
Withdraws all Federal lands within the Area and lands, waters, and interests in such acquired by the United States after the enactment of this Act from public land and mining laws (including mineral and geothermal leasing), with exceptions. 
Directs the Secretary to coordinate the management of the Area with that of all proximate lands in a manner that best meets the present and future needs of the people of the United States. 
Authorizes the Secretary to enter into cooperative agreements with nonprofit entities and other Federal, State, and local agencies to provide for the management and interpretation of natural and cultural resources in southern Nevada. 
Authorizes appropriations.
National Institute of Biomedical Imaging Establishment Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to provide for the establishment of the National Institute of Biomedical Imaging, headed by a Director, which shall conduct and support research, training, and dissemination of health information and other programs with respect to radiologic and other imaging modalities, imaging techniques, and imaging technologies with biomedical applications. 
Directs the Director of the Institute to:  (1) establish a National Biomedical Imaging Program; and (2) prepare and transmit to the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Director of the National Institutes of Health a plan to initiate, expand, intensify, and coordinate activities of the Institute respecting biomedical imaging. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Ensuring Patient Access to Healthcare Records Act of 2016 This bill amends the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act to require the Department of Health and Human Services to develop and update policies that enable certain health care clearinghouses, plans, and providers&nbsp;to: (1) provide patients with access to information related to their care; and (2) develop patient-engagement tools, reports, analyses, and presentations that may demonstrate benefit to the taxpayer.
Dividend Incentive and Tax Simplification Act of 2002 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) allow, for a corporation, a deduction for dividends paid; and (2) tax dividends received by individuals as capital gain.
Carbon Sequestration Investment Tax Credit Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to establish a carbon sequestration investment tax credit for eligible taxpayers.
  Buyback Our Safety Act This bill authorizes the Department of Justice's Office of Justice Programs (OJP) to establish a gun buyback grant program for state, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies. The OJP must enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences to develop standards to identify the guns likely to be used in violent crimes and to establish a pricing scale for guns purchased through a gun buyback program. 
Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act - Authorizes the appropriate federal official (either the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the Secretary of the Army) to reconsider a decision to inter or honor the memory of a person in the National Cemetery Administration or in Arlington National Cemetery upon receiving information that such person may have committed a federal or state capital crime but was not convicted by reason of unavailability for trial due to death or flight to avoid prosecution. Requires the appropriate federal official, upon finding, after an opportunity for a hearing, that the person committed but was not convicted of such crime, to provide notice to the individual's next of kin or other authorized person. Allows such next of kin or other person 60 days to file a notice of disagreement, which shall be decided in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe. Authorizes the appropriate federal official, when a decision becomes final, to disinter the remains or remove the memorial headstone. Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs: (1) to disinter the remains of Michael LaShawn Anderson from Fort Custer National Cemetery (Michigan); (2) to notify his next of kin of the impending disinterment; and (3) upon disinterment, to relinquish the remains to the next of kin or, if the next of kin of record in unavailable, arrange for the appropriate disposition of the remains.
Internet Spyware (I-SPY) Prevention Act of 2007 - (Sec. 2) Amends the federal criminal code to impose a fine and/or prison term of up to five years for intentionally accessing a protected computer (a computer exclusively for the use of a financial institution or the U.S. government or which is used in or affects interstate or foreign commerce or communication) without authorization, or exceeding authorized access, by causing a computer program or code to be copied onto the protected computer and intentionally using that program or code in furtherance of another federal criminal offense.

Imposes a fine and/or prison term of up to two years if such unauthorized access of a protected computer is for the purpose of: (1) intentionally obtaining or transmitting personal information (including a Social Security number or other government-issued identification number, a bank or credit card number, or an associated password or access code) with intent to defraud or injure a person or cause damage to a protected computer; or (2) intentionally impairing the security protection of a protected computer with the intent to defraud or injure a person or damage such computer.

Prohibits any person from bringing a civil action under state law premised upon the defendant's violating this Act.

Exempts any lawfully authorized investigative, protective, or intelligence activity of the United States, a state, or a local law enforcement agency or of an U.S. intelligence agency from the prohibitions of this Act.

(Sec. 3) Authorizes appropriations for FY2008-FY2011 to the Attorney General for prosecutions needed to discourage the use of spyware and practices commonly called phishing and pharming.

(Sec. 4) Expresses the sense of Congress that the Department of Justice should vigorously prosecute those who use spyware to commit crimes and those that conduct phishing and pharming scams.
Directs the Congress to establish a nonpartisan independent Department of State Review Panel, which shall report to the Congress: (1) a review of current structures of the Department of State, related agencies, and U.S. embassies and consulates abroad (especially their organization to handle future risks efficiently), including recommendations on any structural reorganization that may be necessary; (2) suggestions for changes in structures to better formulate and implement U.S. foreign policy; and (3) an analysis of the vulnerability of U.S. technology to nontraditional threats (such as information warfare) and the effect of it on Department of State operations and missions.
Emergency Immigration Workload Reduction and Homeland Security Enhancement Act of 2005 - Suspends the following immigration-related authorities: (1) the visa waiver program; (2) adjustment to permanent resident status; (3) renewal of temporary protected status (TPS); (4) the diversity immigrant visa program; and (5) certain family-related immigrant visa programs. Authorizes specified waiver authority. Directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a public listing of every alien subject to a final order of deportation for whom the appropriate country of return has refused or unreasonably delayed such action. Requires U.S. visa issuance to be discontinued in a country which has 24 or more listed individuals. Sets forth conditions for waiver of the temporary suspensions set forth in this Act (except for the suspension of TPS renewals). States that all such temporary suspensions shall cease to be effective after the Secretary certifies to Congress that certain security measures are in place, including an integrated entry-exit system at all ports of entry. Suspends the Secretary of State's authority to issue nonimmigrant visas and the Secretary's authority to admit nonimmigrant aliens, subject to specified waivers. Directs the Secretary to reimburse State and local law enforcement agencies for certain alien-related detention and removal costs.
Safe Havens for Children Act of 1997 - Authorizes the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to enable States to enter into contracts and cooperative agreements to assist public or private nonprofit entities in establishing and operating supervised visitation centers to facilitate child visitation and visitation exchange. 
Sets forth provisions regarding considerations in awarding grants, authorized uses of funds, and reporting and evaluation. 
Makes specified sums available from amounts contained in the Violent Crime Reduction Trust Fund, subject to certain requirements.
Section 8 Reform, Responsibility, and Accountability Act of 2007 - Amends the United States Housing Act of 1937 to prohibit section 8 rental assistance (including tenant- and project-based assistance) from being provided to any family that includes a convicted felon or illegal alien.

Places a five-year limitation on section 8 rental assistance, disregarding any month during which such individual was a member of a disabled or elderly family so assisted.

Prohibits such assistance on behalf of any family, unless each member of the family who is 18 years of age or older performs at least 20 hours of work activities per week.

Requires the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to exempt from such prohibition any individual family member who meets certain requirements.

Requires a public housing agency (PHA), in providing such housing assistance, to give preference to families that include a member who is a veteran that will reside in the dwelling unit.

Expresses the sense of Congress that the HUD Moving to Work demonstration program under the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1996 should be expanded to include significantly more PHAs.

Authorizes the use of unspent section 8 housing assistance payments for section 8 compliance measures.

Requires approved PHA plans, including modifications and amendments, to be made public at the PHA's office and in electronic form on the World Wide Web.
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the House on June 25, 2015.  Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to make technical amendments without substantive change to requirements for flood insurance under either the federal program or private flood insurance. (Under current law, any building, mobile home or personal property that would be financed by a federally-backed mortgage must have flood insurance if the property is located in an area designated as a special flood hazard.) As under current law, the amount of mandatory flood insurance shall be, for either federal or private flood insurance, equal to the development or project cost of the building, mobile home, or personal property (less estimated land cost), the outstanding principal balance of the loan, or the maximum limit of federal flood insurance coverage available for the particular type of property, whichever is less.  The bill revises without substantive change the flood insurance requirements that apply to home loans or loan guarantees by the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac). This revision does specify, however, that any requirements established by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac relating to the financial strength of private insurance companies from which they will accept private flood insurance must not affect or conflict with any state law, regulation, or procedure concerning the regulation of the business of insurance.  Private flood insurance shall include, in addition to a policy issued by a company licensed, admitted, or otherwise approved by the state (as in current law), any policy issued by an insurance company eligible as a nonadmitted insurer to provide flood insurance in the state or jurisdiction where the property to be insured is located. The bill specifies that the federal flood insurance program, with respect to both private and federal flood insurance, extends to Puerto Rico, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, and American Samoa. FEMA must consider any period during which a property was continuously covered by private flood insurance to be a period of continuous insurance coverage.
Abandoned Mine Land Area Redevelopment Act of 2005 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a tax credit for investment in abandoned mine land area redevelopment bonds. Sets forth rules and formulae for the tax credit relating to the applicable credit rate, bond issuance and redemption, the amount of bonds designated, and a national volume cap. Specifies the purposes for such bonds, including: (1) the purchase, restoration, and redevelopment of abandoned mine land areas; (2) the cleanup of waterways on abandoned mine land areas from acid mine drainage and other pollution: (3) the provision of financial and technical assistance for infrastructure construction and upgrades on abandoned mine land areas; (4) research and development; and (5) other environmental and economic development relating to abandoned mine land areas.
Amends the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to limit contributions to House of Representatives (House) elections from persons other than local individual residents. 
Reduces maximum House contribution amounts from multicandidate political committees (PACs). 
Sets forth limitations and reporting requirements for amounts paid for mixed political activities ("soft money"). 
Amends the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1991 to:  (1) reduce the House mail allowance formula; and (2) require public disclosure of a Member's first class mailings. 
Amends the Communications Act of 1934 to require a broadcast station to make broadcast time available to all House and Senate candidates in the last 30 (currently 45) days before a primary and the last 45 (currently 60) days before a general election, at the lowest unit charge of the station for the same amount of time (currently, the same class and amount of time) for the same period on the same date. Prohibits broadcasters from preempting advertisements sold to political candidates at the lowest unit rate, unless the preemption is beyond the broadcaster's control. 
Prohibits lobbyist-paid travel by House members, officers, or employees.
(Sec. 105) Repeals provisions of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1998 establishing the Cooperative Acquisitions Program Revolving Fund for financing a Library program to acquire foreign publications and research materials on behalf of participating institutions on a cost-recovery basis.
(Sec. 106) Prohibits the construction of this title to affect the terms and conditions of employment of any Library of Congress employee who carries out any activities designated as a Revolving Fund service activity or who is assigned to a Revolving Fund service unit.
Title II: Cataloging Products and Services
 - Authorizes the Librarian of Congress to make cataloging products and services, created by the Library, available for purchase at prices that reflect as closely as practicable the cost of distribution over a reasonable period.
(Sec. 202) Repeals Federal law provisions that authorize the Librarian of Congress to sell copies of card indexes and other publications to institutions or individuals.
Title III: Library of Congress Trust Fund Board
 - Revises the composition of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board to include the vice chair of the Joint Committee on the Library. Decreases the Board's quorum from nine to seven members for the transaction of business. Provides for a temporary extension of Board members' terms.
Title IV: Effective Date
 - Sets forth the effective date of this Act.
United States-Mexico Transboundary Aquifer Assessment Act - (Sec. 4) Directs the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the U.S. Geological Survey, to carry out a United States-Mexico transboundary aquifer assessment program to characterize, map, and model transboundary groundwater resources along the U.S.-Mexico border, in consultation and cooperation with the States of Arizona, California, New Mexico, and Texas (border States), the water resources research institutes (WRRIs) within the border States established under the Water Resources Research Act of 1984, Sandia National Laboratories, and other appropriate entities in the United States and Mexico.

Sets forth as the objectives of the program to: (1) develop and implement an integrated scientific approach to assess transboundary groundwater resources, including by prioritizing aquifers for further analysis; (2) expand existing agreements between the U.S. Geological Survey, the border States, the WRRIs, and appropriate authorities in the United States and Mexico to conduct joint scientific investigations, archive and share relevant data, and carry out any other activities consistent with the program; and (3) produce scientific products for each priority aquifer that are capable of being broadly distributed and that provide the scientific information needed by water managers and natural resource agencies on both sides of the border to effectively accomplish their missions.

Directs the Secretary to designate priority aquifers, including: (1) the Hueco Bolson and Mesilla aquifers underlying parts of Texas, New Mexico, and Mexico; and (2) the Santa Cruz River Valley aquifers underlying Arizona and Sonora, Mexico. . Directs the Secretary to work with appropriate Federal agencies and other organizations to develop partnerships with, and receive input from, relevant organizations in Mexico to carry out the program. Authorizes the Secretary to provide grants or enter into cooperative and other agreements with the WRRIs and other border State entities to carry out the program.

(Sec. 5) Directs the Secretary to coordinate the activities carried out under the program with: (1) the appropriate water resource agencies in the border States; (2) any affected Indian tribes; and (3) any other appropriate entities that are conducting monitoring and metering activity with respect to a priority aquifer. Prohibits the Secretary from initiating any new field studies or analyses under the program before consulting and coordinating with any border State water resource agencies with jurisdiction.

Requires the Secretary to work with appropriate border State water resource agencies, WRRIs, and other relevant entities to develop a study plan, timeline, and cost estimate for each priority aquifer to be studied. Directs that such study plan: (1) integrate existing data collection and analyses; (2) improve and strengthen existing groundwater flow models; and (3) be consistent with appropriate State guidelines and goals.

(Sec. 6) Declares that nothing in this Act affects: (1) the jurisdiction or responsibility of a border State to manage surface or groundwater resources in the State; or (2) the water rights of any person or entity using water from an aquifer.

(Sec. 7) Directs the Secretary, not later than five years after this Act's enactment and on completion of the program in FY 2014, to submit to the appropriate water resource agencies in the border States an interim and final report that describes activities carried out, conclusions relating to the status of aquifers, and participation of entities in Mexico.

(Sec. 8) Authorizes appropriations for FY 2005 through 2014. Directs that 50 percent of such amounts be made available to the WRRIs to provide funding to appropriate entities in the border States and Mexico to conduct activities under the program, including the binational collection and exchange of scientific data.
Preserving Access to Affordable Drugs Act of 2005 - Amends part D (Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to: (1) allow employer contributions on drug costs to count towards the annual out-of-pocket limit; and (2) provide for direct subsidies for certain State pharmaceutical assistance programs.

Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to ensure that employer-based plans receive the same subsidization as the Medicare prescription drug plans.

Amends SSA title XIX (Medicaid) to ensure that States can provide supplemental Medicaid prescription drug coverage to complement the Medicare drug benefit for seniors who are dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid.

Repeals the comparative cost adjustment program under Medicare.

Amends SSA title XVIII part D to allow the provision of wrap-around prescription drug coverage through Medigap.
Speak Up to Protect Every Abused Kid Act - Expresses the sense of Congress with respect to abused children. Amends the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (CAPTA) to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to make grants to eligible entities to carry out educational campaigns and provide evidence-based or evidence-informed training regarding state laws for mandatory reporting of incidents of child abuse or neglect. Requires the state plan under a grant for child abuse or neglect prevention and treatment programs to contain specified assurances about: (1) state laws or programs that include procedures for an individual to report suspected or known incidents incidents of child abuse or neglect to state child protective services agencies or to law enforcement agencies; (2) procedures to ensure coordination between the state law or statewide program and relevant law enforcement and state or community-based victims' services agencies with respect to referrals of child victims of acts by a perpetrator other than a parent or caretaker that would otherwise be considered child abuse or neglect; and (3) primary state responsibility to accept and investigate reports of known and suspected child abuse or neglect pertaining to an incident that occurred in the state, even if the child or alleged perpetrator resides in a different state. Requires a state law to require certain licensed, certified, or professional individuals to report suspected or known incidents of child abuse or neglect. Requires the annual state application for a grant for programs relating to investigation and prosecution of child abuse and neglect cases to contain an assurance that the state will support training for adults who work with children in a professional or volunteer capacity to report suspected and known incidents of child abuse or neglect. Requires the state multidisciplinary task force on children's justice to evaluate the state's efforts to train such adults to report such incidents. Requires a state to adopt state task force recommendations in the category of experimental, model, and demonstration programs for testing innovative approaches and techniques that may improve reporting to the state child protective services agencies or to law enforcement agencies of and response to suspected and known incidents of child abuse or neglect by adults. Requires a state, to be eligible to receive any form of financial assistance, to include in its plan or application an assurance that the state has in effect a state law for mandatory reporting of child abuse or neglect. Directs the Secretary to collect information on and otherwise study the efforts of states relating to state laws for mandatory reporting of incidents of child abuse or neglect in order to assess the implementation of CAPTA. Requires an application for a community-based grant to contain an assurance that the state has in effect a state law for mandatory reporting of child abuse or neglect. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I: State Criminal Alien Assistance Program II 
     Title II: Reimbursement of States and Localities for 
          Emergency Health Services to Undocumented Aliens 
State Criminal Alien Assistance Program II and Local Medical Emergency Reimbursement Act - 
Title I: State Criminal Alien Assistance Program II
 - State Criminal Alien Assistance Program II Act of 1999 - Amends the Immigration and Reform and Control Act of 1986 to provide for the reimbursement of States for indirect costs of incarcerating illegal aliens. 
Defines such costs as: (1) court costs, county attorney costs, and non-trial criminal proceedings; (2) indigent defense; and (3) unsupervised probation costs.  Authorizes appropriations. 
Provides for the reimbursement of States for costs of incarcerating juvenile aliens. 
Provides that reimbursement of States for incarcerating illegal aliens and certain Cuban nationals shall be allocated to give special consideration for any State that: (1) shares a border with Mexico or Canada; or (2) has a large number of undocumented aliens. 
Title II: Reimbursement of States and Localities for Emergency Health Services to Undocumented Aliens
 - Authorizes appropriations for allotments to States to be paid to local governments, hospitals, and other providers for emergency health services provided to undocumented aliens. 
Provides special consideration for providers: (1) in a border county with Mexico or Canada; or (2) in an area with a large number of undocumented aliens. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Pulmonary Hypertension Research Act of 2001 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Director of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute to expand, intensify, and coordinate the activities of the Institute with respect to research on pulmonary hypertension. Requires a report.
Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act  Amends the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to require a federal financial institutions regulatory agency to make a final examination report to a financial institution within 60 days of the later of: (1) the exit interview for an examination of the institution, or (2) the provision of additional information by the institution relating to the examination. Sets a deadline for the exit interview if a financial institution is not subject to a resident examiner program. Sets forth examination standards for financial institutions.  Establishes in the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council the Office of Independent Examination Review, headed by a Director appointed by the Council. Grants a financial institution the right to appeal a material supervisory determination contained in a final report of examination. Requires the Director to determine the merits of the appeal on the record, or, at the election of the financial institution, refer the appeal to an administrative law judge.  Declares the decision by the Director on an appeal to: (1) be the final agency action, and (2) bind the agency whose supervisory determination was the subject of the appeal and the financial institution making the appeal. Grants a financial institution the right to petition for judicial review of the Director's decision.  Amends the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 to require: (1) the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to establish an independent intra-agency appellate process in connection with the regulatory appeals process; and (2) appropriate safeguards to protect an insured depository institution or insured credit union from retaliation by either the CFPB, the National Credit Union Administration Board, or any other federal banking agency for exercising its rights. 
Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act of 2017 or the SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2017 (Sec. 3) This bill directs the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish a program, to be known as the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training Program&nbsp;or the SOAR to Health and Wellness Training Program, to train health care providers and other related providers to:  identify potential human trafficking victims,  work with law enforcement to report and facilitate communication with such victims,  refer victims to social or victims service agencies or organizations,  provide such victims with coordinated care tailored to their circumstances, and  consider integrating this training with existing training programs.  The program must include the functions of the training program with the same name that was operating before this bill's enactment and the following initiatives:  engaging stakeholders to develop a flexible training module,  providing technical assistance to health education programs and health care professional organizations,  facilitating the dissemination of best practices, and  developing a methodology for collecting and reporting data on the number of human trafficking victims served in health care settings or other related provider settings.  (Sec. 4) HHS must report the number of grantees operating under the program, the number of providers trained through the program, and numbers for the program operating before this program. (Sec. 5) The bill authorizes appropriations for the program through FY2022.
Big Thicket National Preserve Addition Act of 1993 - Expands the boundaries of the Big Thicket National Preserve, Texas, through the addition of specified lands in Hardin, Polk, Tyler, Orange, and Jasper Counties, Texas. 
Authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to acquire scenic easements on privately-owned undeveloped lands within the boundaries of the specified units added to the Preserve by this Act. 
Requires the Secretaries of Agriculture and of the Interior to exchange commercial timberlands within and in the vicinity of the Preserve. 
Prohibits the Secretary of the Interior from acquiring a specified area owned by the Louisiana-Pacific Corporation or its subsidiary, Kirby Forest Industries, Inc., without the owner's consent as long as the area is used exclusively as a youth camp. 
Authorizes appropriations.
Graton Rancheria Restoration Act - Restores Federal recognition and associated rights, privileges, and eligibility for Federal services and benefits to the Indians of the Graton Rancheria of California (the Tribe). 
Requires the Secretary of the Interior, upon application by the Tribe, to accept in trust for the Tribe any real property located in Marin or Sonoma County, California, after the property is conveyed to the Secretary if there are no adverse legal claims to such property. Provides that any such property shall: (1) be part of the Tribe's reservation; (2) not be exempt from the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act; and (3) be exempt from all local, State, and Federal taxation. 
Directs the Secretary to compile a membership roll of the Tribe not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Provides for: (1) an Interim Tribal Council to be the Tribe's governing body; (2) an election to ratify a Tribal constitution; and (3) the election of Tribal officials under such constitution.
Directs the Attorney General to adjust the status of each of specified Persian Gulf evacuees to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence for purposes of the Immigration and Nationality Act.
Commission on the Accountability and Review of Federal Agencies Act - Establishes the Commission on the Accountability and Review of Federal Agencies to: (1) evaluate executive agencies and their programs; and (2) submit to Congress and the President a plan with recommendations of the agencies and programs that should be realigned or eliminated and proposed implementing legislation. Sets forth provisions governing congressional consideration of such legislation.
Rural Health Training Incentive Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Office of Rural Health Policy, to award grants to accredited schools of medicine or nursing for demonstration programs to encourage more health professionals to practice in rural areas. Makes grants available on a matching basis for three years to five schools.Requires grants to address youth recruitment, training, and the expansion of the network of rural training tracks in the health professions. Earmarks one grant for a program for physicians in family medicine that includes a regional consortium of family medicine residency programs with a residency rural training program and one grant for nurses.Gives priority to schools with on-site rural training residencies or rotations and rural recruitment and placement programs.
Southeast Alaska Timber Industry Retooling and Restructuring Act - Establishes a two-year grant program for retooling projects that are designed to facilitate the economic adjustment of specified timber entities by allowing them to: (1) improve or alter their business and practices to become more competitive within the timber industry; or (2) shift to a type of business that is not related to the timber industry.

Authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to provide grants under such program to any entity that operated in the timber industry in Alaska on January 1, 2009, that, prior to such date, operated in Alaska for not less than 10 years.

Sets forth provisions concerning eligible uses of grant funding.

Treats a grant recipient as a small business concern owned or controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals (as that term is defined in the Small Business Act) for three years after the grant was approved.
National Women's History Museum Act of 2003 - Requires the Administrator of General Services to enter into an occupancy agreement for up to 99 years to make the Pavilion Annex (the building and immediate surroundings, including any land unoccupied as of the enactment of this Act) in Washington, D.C. that is adjacent to the Old Post Office Building, located on Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., to the east of 11th Street N.W., and located on land bounded on three sides by the Internal Revenue Service buildings, available to the Museum Sponsor (National Women's History Museum, Inc.) for a National Women's History Museum.

Prescribes requirements for appraisal of such property at fair market value to determine the rent.

Requires the renovation and modification of the Pavilion Annex to be carried out by the Museum Sponsor and to: (1) be commenced as soon as practicable but within five years after the execution of the occupancy agreement date; (2) sever the walkway to the Old Post Office Building; and (3) enhance and improve the Pavilion Annex consistent with the needs of the Museum and the adjacent structures.

 Credits any expenses incurred by the Museum Sponsor for such renovation and modification against the first rent payment due five years after the execution of the occupancy agreement date.

Provides that, if the Administrator is unable to fully execute an occupancy agreement within 120 days of the enactment of this Act, then within 30 days thereafter, the Administrator shall report to specified congressional committees a summary of remaining unresolved issues.

Declares that nothing in this Act limits the authority of the National Capital Planning Commission.
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the House on May 17, 2013.   Ruth Moore Act of 2013 - Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs (VA) to report to Congress in each of 2014 through 2018 on claims submitted for disabilities based on a covered mental health condition alleged to have been incurred or aggravated by military sexual trauma during active duty. Includes as a covered mental health condition post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), anxiety, depression, or any other mental health diagnosis that the Secretary determines to be related to military sexual trauma. Expresses the sense of Congress that the Secretary should update and improve VA regulations with respect to military sexual trauma by: (1) ensuring that it is specified as an in-service stressor in determining the service-connection of PTSD, and (2) recognizing the full range of physical and mental disabilities that can result from such trauma. Requires each veteran submitting such a claim to be provided the most recently updated regulations concerning such trauma, as well as other information designed to aid such claims. Extends until FY2019 the required rounding to the nearest dollar of VA basic educational assistance and survivors' and dependents' educational assistance.
Human Cloning Prohibition Act of 2001 - Prohibits any person or entity, in or affecting interstate commerce, from: (1) performing or attempting to perform human cloning; (2) participating in such an attempt; (3) shipping or receiving the product of human cloning; or (4) importing such a product.Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) the Federal Government should advocate for and join an international effort to prohibit human cloning; and (2) the President should commission a study by the National Bioethics Advisory Commission or a successor group of the arguments for and against the use of cloning to produce human embryos solely for research.
Protecting Veterans Credit Act of 2016  This bill amends the Fair Credit Reporting Act to exclude from a consumer report: (1) for one year, information related to a veteran's choice medical program (program) debt; and (2) information related to a fully paid or settled program debt that had been characterized as delinquent, charged off, or in collection. The Consumer Credit Protection Act is amended to provide a mechanism for veterans to dispute the inclusion of program debt already on a credit report. A consumer reporting agency shall, within 30 days after receiving notice of such dispute, delete such information from the veteran's file and notify the furnisher and the veteran.  Within five days after the initial communication with a veteran, a debt collector shall, unless the appropriate information is contained in the initial communication or the veteran has paid the debt, send the veteran a written notice containing specified debt-related information, including information concerning debt amount, creditors, the insurance company involved, and the hospital or medical care provider. If a veteran notifies the debt collector within such one-year period that the program debt is disputed or that the veteran requests the name and address of the original creditor, the debt collector shall cease collection until debt verification or the name and address of the original creditor is obtained.
Amends the Bretton Woods Agreements Act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to contribute to a Fund to promote accelerated deployment in developing countries of technologies designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

Requires that such Fund be established and administered by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD).

Amends the the International Financial Institutions Act to direct the Secretary to seek to ensure that each multilateral development bank adopts and implements greenhouse gas accounting in analyzing the benefits and costs of all projects for which bank funding is sought.
Holocaust Victims Insurance Relief Act of 2003 - Directs the Archivist of the United States to establish and maintain a Holocaust Insurance Registry of information on holders, issuers, and related liable entities of Holocaust-era insurance policies that were: (1) in effect after January 30, 1933, and before December 31, 1945; and (2) issued to a policyholder domiciled in any area of Europe that was occupied or controlled by Nazi Germany or any ally or sympathizer during such period. Requires: (1) insurers to file such information in an electronic format with the Secretary of Commerce by a specified deadline; (2) the Secretary to assess a civil penalty for each day of insurer noncompliance; and (3) the Secretary to notify each State's commissioner of insurance of the identity of any insurer that has failed to file either such information or to satisfy such civil penalty. Declares that nothing in this Act preempts the right of any State to adopt or enforce any State law requiring an insurer to disclose information regarding insurance policies that may have been confiscated or stolen from victims of Nazi persecution. Expresses the sense of Congress that if any litigation challenging such a State law is dismissed because the State's commissioner of insurance chooses to rely on this Act and therefore no longer seeks to enforce the State law, each party should bear its own legal fees and costs.
Notch Fairness Act of 2007 - Amends title II (Old Age, Survivors and Disability Insurance) of the Social Security Act with respect to the benefit computation formula for individuals affected by the changes in benefit computation rules enacted in the Social Security Amendments of 1977 who became eligible (at age 62) for (early retirement) old-age insurance benefits after 1978 and before 1989 (and reached age 65 for full-retirement benefits after 1981 and before 1992).

Sets forth a schedule of additional benefit increases for such beneficiaries (and related beneficiaries), with percentages declining from 55% to 5% keyed to the year an individual became eligible for (early retirement) benefits between 1978 and 1989.

Provides for an election to receive such payments in a lump sum.
Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act of 1998 - Amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Justice Assistance to:  (1) make grants to States, local governments, and Indian tribes to purchase armor vests for use by State, local, and tribal law enforcement officers; and (2) give preferential consideration to applications from jurisdictions that have the greatest need, have or will institute a mandatory wear policy, and have a violent crime rate at or above the national average or have not received specified grants under the Local Law Enforcement Block Grant program (makes local governments receiving funding under such program ineligible for a grant under this Act unless the chief executive officer of such local government certifies that it considered or will consider using funding received under such program for costs of armor vests but does not expect to use such funds for that purpose). 
Provides that a qualifying State, unit of local government, or Indian tribe may not receive less than .5 percent nor more than five percent of the total amount appropriated in each fiscal year for such grants, and that a State, together with grantees within the State, may not receive more than 20 percent of the total amount appropriated in each fiscal year for such grants. 
Limits the portion of program costs provided by such grant to 50 percent.  Authorizes the use of funds appropriated by the Congress for the activities of any agency of an Indian tribal government or the Bureau of Indian Affairs performing law enforcement functions on Indian lands for the non-Federal share of a matching requirement funded under this Act.  Requires that at least half of the funds available under this Act be awarded to local governments with fewer than 100,000 residents. 
Sets forth application requirements. 
Authorizes appropriations. 
Expresses the sense of the Congress that entities receiving assistance under this Act should, in expending such assistance, purchase only American-made equipment and products.
Amends the Federal-State Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970 to revise the formula for the extended benefits trigger. 
Amends the Social Security Act (SSA) to require increases and decreases in the earnings allocated to State accounts when States meet or fail to meet funding goals. 
Amends SSA to restrict interest-free advances to State accounts in the Unemployment Trust Fund to States which meet funding goals. 
Amends Internal Revenue Code (IRC) provisions relating to the Federal Unemployment Tax Act to allow certified States to elect to collect Federal unemployment taxes. 
Amends IRC provisions relating to approval of State laws to require States to distribute to unemployed individuals State-specific information packets explaining unemployment insurance eligibility conditions.
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the House on April 25, 2016.  Eastern Nevada Land Implementation Improvement Act  (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Lincoln County Land Act of 2000 (LCLA) to require implementation of a multispecies habitat conservation plan in Lincoln County, Nevada.  Both the LCLA and the Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation, and Development Act of 2004 (LCCRDA) are amended to make certain amounts available for comprehensive, cost-effective, and multijurisdictional hazardous fuels reduction projects and wildfire prevention planning activities (particularly for pinyon-juniper dominated landscapes) and other rangeland and woodland restoration projects within the county, consistent with the Ely Resource Management Plan or a subsequent amendment to it.   The bill requires cooperative agreements between the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) and Lincoln County for certain county-provided law enforcement and planning related activities approved by the Department of the Interior.  Certain portions of land sale proceeds returned to the County under the LCLA and the LCCRDA shall be used in part for the Lincoln County Regional Development Authority.  Under the LCCRDA Interior shall realign a specified portion of a 2,640-foot wide utility corridor.  The bill:  affirms and validates patent number 27-2005-0081 issued by the BLM on February 18, 2005, as having been issued pursuant to and in compliance with specified law for the benefit of the desert tortoise, other species, and their habitat to increase the likelihood of their recovery; and ratifies the processes used by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the BLM in reconfiguring the land covered by the patent.   Interior may issue a corrective patent for 7,548 specified acres of land in Lincoln County.  (Sec. 3) The bill amends the Pam White Wilderness Act to adjust the boundary of the Mt. Moriah Wilderness to include specified lands, and the boundary of the High Schells Wilderness to include and exclude specified lands.  The bill amends the Nevada Wilderness Protection Act of 1989 to adjust the boundary of the Arc Dome Wilderness to exclude specified land.  (Sec. 4) The bill amends the Mesquite Lands Act of 1988 to require the proceeds of the sales of certain parcels of land by Interior to the city of Mesquite, Nevada, to be made available for use for the development and implementation of a conservation plan to benefit fish and wildlife species of the Virgin River in Clark County (rather than, as currently, for development of a multispecies habitat conservation plan).
This bill directs the Commissioner of Reclamation to: (1) provide to the holder of a permit for a cabin site located on federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in North Dakota the first option to purchase the site for fair market value; and (2) convey to a permittee who exercises such option all U.S. interest in the site, easements for access to the site, a dock for the site, and the improvements on it. Beginning two years after enactment of this bill: (1) if a permittee has not exercised such option, the Commissioner shall transfer the site to Dickinson Parks &amp; Recreation in Dickinson, North Dakota (the Department), without cost; and (2) the Commissioner shall transfer to the Department, without cost, land currently managed by the Department on which no cabin is located. Each such conveyance and transfer shall be made subject to specified mineral rights and rights-of-way of third parties. A permittee may not build any new permanent structure below an elevation of 2,430 feet. If a permittee builds such a structure, the permittee's site shall revert to the Department.  Revenues from a sale of federal land pursuant to this bill shall be made available to the Commissioner for: (1) the costs of carrying out this bill, and (2) deferred maintenance activities relating to the operation of the dam in the Dickinson Reservoir.
Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act Requires states that receive funds under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (ESEA) to:    require criminal background checks for each school employee that include searches of the criminal registry or repository of the state in which the employee resides, the child abuse and neglect registries and databases of that state, the Integrated Automated Fingerprint Identification System of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), and the National Sex Offender Registry;   prohibit the employment of an individual who refuses to consent to, or who makes a false statement in connection with, a background check or who has been convicted of one of specified felonies or of a violent or sexual crime against a minor;   require background checks to be periodically repeated or updated in accordance with state law or the policies of the state's local educational agencies (LEAs);   provide school employees who have had a background check with a copy of the background check if they request one and a timely process to appeal the results of the background check if it blocks their service as a school employee; ensure that such policies and procedures are published on state and LEA websites; and allow an LEA to share the results of a recent background check on a school employee with another LEA that is considering that individual for employment.  Prohibits states and LEAs from knowingly transferring or facilitating the transfer of any school employee if they know, or have substantive reason to believe, that such employee engaged in sexual misconduct with an elementary or secondary school student. Allows: (1) the Attorney General and state law enforcement officials to charge reasonable fees for conducting the background checks, and (2) states and LEAs to use ESEA administrative funds to pay such fees. 
Lewis and Clark Voyage of Scientific Discovery Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior to establish a program at the River Studies Center of the Biological Resources Division of the United States Geological Survey in Columbia, Missouri, to determine and monitor the biological and chemical characteristics of the Missouri River, determine and monitor the relationship of those characteristics with the river's hydrology and geomorphology, and monitor and assess the river's biota and water quality. Requires contracts with Indian tribes whose reservations are located along the Missouri River and have an interest in environmental restoration.Requires establishment of a publicly available database.Makes a specified amount of funds provided under this Act available to monitor and conduct focused investigations of endangered fish, including pallid sturgeon.
Crackdown on Deadbeat Dealers Act of 2002 - Amends the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to increase the number of allowed inspections for compliance with record-keeping requirements by firearms dealers to not more than three times (currently, once) during any 12-month period.Increases penalties for: (1) willfully engaging in an illegal firearms business; and (2) in connection with the acquisition or attempted acquisition of a firearm or ammunition, knowingly making false statements or furnishing false or misrepresented identification regarding any fact material to the lawfulness of the sale or other disposition of such firearm or ammunition.Directs the United States Sentencing Commission to review and amend the Federal sentencing guidelines for violations related to illegal firearms and ammunition businesses.Authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to suspend a firearms dealer's license and to assess a civil penalty of up to $10,000 for firearms violations, including failure to have secure gun storage or safety devices (current penalties are limited to license revocation).Permits any licensed firearms dealer who is indicted for a felony to continue to operate until the date of conviction (currently, until the conviction becomes final).
Anti-Gunrunning Act of 2001 - Amends the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act to prohibit any licensed firearms importer, manufacturer, or dealer from selling, delivering, or transferring: (1) two or more handguns to any single person (other than a licensed importer, manufacturer, or dealer) during any 30-day period; or (2) a handgun knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that the transferee has already received one or more handguns within the previous 30 days. Prohibits an unlicensed individual from receiving more than one handgun within any 30-day period. Specifies exceptions.Provides for imprisonment for up to five years (currently, one year) of a licensed dealer, importer, manufacturer, or collector knowingly making any false statement in connection with required firearms records.Extends the deadline for the destruction of records relating to handgun transfers subject to the waiting period from 20 business days to 35 calendar days after the date the transferee made the statement on the basis of which notice of the transaction was provided to the chief law enforcement officer of the transferee's place of residence. Requires the national instant criminal background check system, if receipt of a firearm would not violate Federal or State law, to destroy records relating to the person or the transfer within 35 calendar days after the system provides the licensee with the identification number unique to the transfer.
Small Business Credit Availability Act This bill amends the Investment Company Act of 1940 to reduce the required asset-coverage ratio applicable to a Business Development Company (BDC) from 200% to 150% if: (1)&nbsp;the BDC makes specified disclosures on its website and to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC); and (2)&nbsp;the modified asset-coverage ratio is approved by the required majority of the BDC's directors, general partners, or shareholders (as applicable). The SEC&nbsp;must allow BDCs to use securities offering and proxy rules that are available to other issuers.
International Tax Competitiveness Act of 2010 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) treat foreign corporations that are managed, directly or indirectly, within the United States as domestic corporations for U.S. tax purposes; (2) make certain royalty income and income from intangibles received from a controlled foreign corporation subject to U.S. taxation; (3) repeal tax rules exempting foreign source income attributable to the active conduct of a foreign trade or business from withholding of tax requirements; and (4) revise the tax treatment of property other than stock (i.e., boot) received in connection with a corporate reorganization to provide that such property shall be treated as a taxable dividend.
Makes the Tribe eligible for all Federal benefits and services furnished to federally recognized Indian tribes without regard to the existence of a reservation.
Makes the provisions of the Indian Reorganization Act applicable to the Tribe and its members.
Directs the Secretary, if the Tribe transfers interests in land within the boundaries of Grady County, Carroll County, and such other counties in Georgia to the Secretary, to take such interests in land into trust for the benefit of the Tribe. Makes such land the Tribe's initial reservation land.
Requires the Tribe to submit a membership roll.
Hepatitis C Epidemic Control and Prevention Act of 2007 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop and implement a plan for the prevention, control, and management of hepatitis C virus (HCV).

Requires the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), to: (1) implement programs to increase awareness of HCV; and (2) support activities to promote the early detection of HCV infection, identify risk factors for infection, and conduct surveillance of HCV infection trends.

Directs the Secretary, acting through the Director of CDC and the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), to: (1) conduct epidemiologic research to identify best practices for HCV prevention; (2) establish a Hepatitis C Clinic Research Network to conduct research related to the treatment and medical management of HCV; and (3) conduct basic research to identify new approaches to prevent and treat HCV.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) promote state, local, and tribal programs to provide referrals for medical evaluation and management to HCV-positive individuals; and (2) develop benchmarks for evaluating the programs and activities conducted under this Act.

Authorizes the Secretary to award grants to states, political subdivisions of states, Indian tribes, or nonprofit entities to carry out activities under this Act.
Consortia-Led Energy and Advanced Manufacturing Networks Act This bill requires the Department of Commerce to carry out a grant program for establishing consortia to enhance U.S. economic, environmental, and energy security by promoting domestic research and commercial application of clean technologies and advanced manufacturing processes. Clean technology means technologies, production processes, or methodologies that:  produce energy from renewable energy sources;   transmit, distribute, or store energy more efficiently; enhance energy efficiency for buildings and industry;  enable the development of a Smart Grid (an evolving electric power network that utilizes new information technology systems, including those that enable customers to reduce or shift their power use during peak demand periods);  produce an advanced or sustainable material with energy or energy efficiency applications;   improve energy efficiency for transportation; or  enhance water security through improved water management, conservation, distribution, or end use applications.  
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  Legislative Reform 
     Title II:  Federal Intergovernmental Relations 
Fiscal Accountability and Intergovernmental Reform Act (FAIR Act) - 
Title I:  Legislative Reform
 - Provides that, with certain exceptions, whenever a committee of either House reports a bill or resolution of a public character (excluding resolutions of ratification of a treaty) to its House mandating unfunded requirements upon State or local governments or the private sector, the report accompanying that bill or resolution shall analyze the effect of the new requirements on:  (1) State and local government expenditures necessary to comply with Federal mandates; (2) private businesses; and (3) economic growth and competitiveness.  Requires the Congressional Budget Office to prepare such economic analyses. 
Title II:  Federal Intergovernmental Relations
 - Provides that, whenever an agency publishes a general notice of proposed rulemaking or promulgates a final rule, the agency shall prepare and make available for public comment an Intergovernmental and Economic Impact Assessment.  Specifies the contents of such an assessment.
Fire Safety Education Act - Authorizes the Administrator of the United States Fire Administration to enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, or grants with entities to obtain and distribute at the State and local level fire safety and prevention education programs and supporting educational resources.  Authorizes funds provided to be used to educate the public in all aspects of fire safety and prevention.  Requires funded programs to give priority to appropriate public education materials that have already been developed. 
Authorizes the Administrator to enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, or grants with States for the purpose of implementing the revised National Fire Incident Reporting System to improve the collection and analysis of fire data at the State and local levels. 
Authorizes appropriations.
(This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the Senate on November 18, 2013.  Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act - Authorizes the appropriate federal official (either the Secretary of Veterans Affairs [VA] or the Secretary of the Army) to reconsider a decision to inter or honor the memory of a person in the National Cemetery Administration or in Arlington National Cemetery upon receiving information that such person may have committed a federal or state capital crime but was not convicted by reason of unavailability for trial due to death or flight to avoid prosecution. Requires such official, upon finding, after an opportunity for a hearing, that the person committed but was not convicted of such crime, to provide notice to the individual's next of kin or other person authorized to arrange burial or memorialization of the deceased person of the decision to disinter such person's remains or remove a memorial headstone or marker. Allows such next of kin or other person 60 days to file a notice of disagreement, which shall initiate appellate review. Authorizes the appropriate federal official, when a decision becomes final, to disinter the remains or remove the memorial headstone or marker. Modifies the exception to the prohibition against interment or memorialization in the National Cemetery System or Arlington National Cemetery of a person convicted of a federal or state capital crime to require receipt of written notice of a conviction before interment or memorialization takes place (currently, receipt of such notice is required before the appropriate federal official approves an application for interment or memorialization).  Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs: (1) to disinter the remains of Michael LaShawn Anderson from Fort Custer National Cemetery (Michigan); (2) to notify his next of kin of the impending disinterment; and (3) upon disinterment, to relinquish the remains to the next of kin or, if the next of kin of record is unavailable, arrange for the appropriate disposition of the remains.
Amends Federal civil service law to revise the appeals process under provisions for workers' compensation for Federal employees. 
Authorizes the Secretary of Labor to provide vocational rehabilitation services to any permanently disabled claimant who requests or whose physician requests such services.
Lifespan Respite Care Act of 2006 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award matching grants or cooperative agreements to eligible state agencies to: (1) expand and enhance respite care services to family caregivers; (2) improve the statewide dissemination and coordination of respite care; and (3) provide, supplement, or improve access and quality of respite care services to family caregivers, thereby reducing family caregiver strain. Defines "respite care" to mean planned or emergency care provided to a child or adult with a special need in order to provide temporary relief to the family caregiver.

Instructs the Secretary to work cooperatively with the National Family Caregiver Support Program of the Administration on Aging and other respite care programs within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to ensure coordination of respite care services for family caregivers of children and adults with special needs.

Requires the Secretary to: (1) give priority to eligible state agencies that show the greatest likelihood of implementing or enhancing lifespan respite care statewide; and (2) give consideration to agencies that are building or enhancing the capacity of their long-term care systems to respond to the comprehensive needs, including respite care needs, of their residents.

Directs that funds must be used to: (1) develop or enhance lifespan respite care at the state and local levels; (2) provide respite care services for family caregivers caring for children or adults; (3) train and recruit respite care workers; (4) provide information to caregivers about available respite and support services; and (5) assist caregivers in gaining access to such services.

Permits part of such funds to be used for: (1) training programs for family caregivers to assist in making informed decisions about respite care services; (2) other services essential to the provision of respite care; or (3) training and education for new caregivers.

Allows the Secretary to award a grant or cooperative agreement to a public or private nonprofit entity to establish the National Resource Center on Lifespan Respite Care to: (1) maintain a national database on lifespan respite care; (2) provide training and technical assistance to state, community, and nonprofit respite care programs; and (3) provide information, referral, and educational programs to the public on lifespan respite care.

Sets forth reporting requirements.

Authorizes appropriations.

(Sec. 3) Requires the Comptroller General to conduct an evaluation and report to Congress on the effectiveness of lifespan respite care programs, including an analysis of cost benefits and improved efficiency in service delivery.
Comprehensive Insurance Coverage of Childhood Immunization Act of 2003 - Amends the Public Health Service Act and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to require comprehensive health insurance coverage for childhood immunization to be provided by health plans and insurance issuers in both group and individual markets.
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  International Narcotics Control 
     Title II:  NATO Participation Act of 1994 
International Narcotics Control Corrections Act of 1994 - 
Title I: International Narcotics Control
 - Amends the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to redefine a "major illicit drug producing country" as a country in which 1,000 hectares or more of illicit opium poppy or coca is cultivated or harvested annually or 5,000 hectares or more of illicit cannabis is cultivated or harvested annually unless the President determines that such cannabis production does not significantly affect the United States. 
Provides for advance notification to the appropriate congressional committees of any transfer by the Government to a foreign country, for narcotics control purposes, of property or funds seized or forfeited in connection with narcotics-related activities. 
Reallocates foreign assistance (currently, security assistance) withheld from countries that fail to take adequate steps to halt illicit drug production or trafficking. 
Extends certain international narcotics control strategy reporting requirements and annual certification procedures for FY 1993 and 1994 through FY 1995.  Makes such requirements and procedures currently applicable after September 30, 1994, effective after September 30, 1995 (the beginning of FY 1996). 
Repeals specified international narcotics control Acts. 
Exempts specified narcotics control-related transfers of excess defense articles, foreign military financing, and international military education and training from a prohibition on assistance to foreign law enforcement agencies. 
Waives all restrictions on assistance (except for countries that are "decertified" under narcotics control certification provisions) with respect to narcotics-related assistance provided during FY 1995 if the President notifies the appropriate congressional committees in advance. 
Authorizes the President to furnish assistance to any country or international organization during FY 1995 for the prevention and suppression of international criminal activities.  Exempts such assistance from the prohibition on assistance to foreign law enforcement agencies. 
Requires the President to take steps to ensure that the immediate relatives of any individual involved in drug trafficking are not permitted entry into the United States consistent with the Immigration and Nationality Act. 
Title II:  NATO Participation Act of 1994
 - NATO Participation Act of 1994 - Authorizes the President to establish a program to assist the transition to full North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) membership of Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and other designated Partnership for Peace countries. 
Permits the President, in carrying out such program, to provide excess defense articles, international military education and training, and foreign military financing assistance to such countries.
Stop Subsidizing Childhood Obesity Act This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code to deny a tax deduction for: (1) advertising or marketing&nbsp;directed at children (age 14 or under) for food of poor nutritional quality or a brand primarily associated&nbsp;with food of poor nutritional quality; and (2) for related expenses, including for travel, goods or services constituting entertainment, amusement, or recreation, gifts, or other promotion expenses. The Department of the Treasury must enter into a contract with the National Academy of Medicine to develop procedures to evaluate and identify food of poor nutritional quality and brands that are primarily associated with such food. The bill authorizes additional funding to carry out the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act. 
Southern Utah Open OHV Areas Act This bill directs the Department of the Interior to convey specified land owned and managed by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) in Washington County, Utah, to the state of Utah in exchange for specified state lands.  Upon the conveyance of the nonfederal land to Interior, such land shall be used only:   as an open riding area for the use of off-highway vehicles; or  for any other recreational use that does not significantly impact the open use of such vehicles.   Interior shall convey, without consideration, specified Open OHV Areas managed by the BLM to Washington County.  Such conveyed land shall be used primarily as an open riding area for the use of off-highway vehicles or for the construction, maintenance, replacement, or operation of:   water storage or conveyance facilities;  subsurface water recharge facilities; or  solar or hydroelectric generation or transmission facilities.   Before making such conveyance, Interior shall issue to the Washington County Water Conservancy District or the state:   a 250-foot right-of-way for the construction, maintenance, repair, and replacement of a buried water conveyance pipeline and the associated construction, operation, and maintenance of subsurface water recharge facilities identified as Pipeline 1; and  a 150-foot right-of-way for the construction and maintenance of solar and hydroelectric generation and transmission facilities identified as Transmission Line.   Interior shall convey to the District or the state 214.8 acres of the County-conveyed Open OHV Areas land for the construction, operation, maintenance, and repair of a water storage facility and associated facilities identified as &quot;Hurricane Cliffs Afterbay.&quot; Before making the conveyance to the County, Interior shall issue to the District a 200-foot right-of-way for the construction, maintenance, repair, and replacement of a buried water conveyance pipeline in the Sand Hollow Regional Pipeline Corridor identified as Pipe Line 2.
Idaho Panhandle National Forest Improvement Act of 2002 - Authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to sell or exchange certain National Forest System lands in Idaho, and to use the proceeds to acquire or rehabilitate: (1) facilities for a new ranger station in the Silver Valley area of the Panhandle National Forest; and (2) other facilities in such Forest.Authorizes the Secretary to use other funds if sale or exchange proceeds are insufficient for the acquisition or improvement of the ranger station and associated land.
Job Creation through Energy Efficient Manufacturing Act - Requires the Secretary of Energy (DOE) to establish a Financing Energy Efficient Manufacturing Program to provide grants to states to establish or expand programs to finance energy efficiency retrofit, onsite clean and renewable energy, smart grid, and alternative vehicle fleet projects for industrial businesses (covered programs). Defines &quot;state&quot; as a state, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any other territory or possession of the United States. Requires the Secretary to consult with states and stakeholders to establish a process to identify financing opportunities for manufacturing and industrial business with asset portfolios across multiple states. Requires states that receive such funding to give a higher priority to covered programs that: (1) leverage private and nonfederal sources of funding, and (2) aim to expand the use of energy efficiency project financing using private sources of funding. Requires: (1) states receiving such grants to collect, share, and report on data resulting from covered programs carried out under this Act; and (2) the Secretary to incorporate the data into appropriate DOE databases, with provisions for the protection of confidential business data.  Requires grant funds to be provided to the state office responsible for developing the state energy plan under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act.
Building Better Health Centers Act of 2003 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide loan guarantees or make grants to eligible health centers for expansion, new construction, or equipment purchase or lease.Makes certain unexpended funds appropriated for FY's 1997 and 1998 under the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Acts of 1997 and 1998, which were made available for loan guarantees for loans made by non-Federal lenders for building costs associated with medical facilities owned and operated by health centers, available for loan guarantees under this Act.
Amends the Tariff Act of 1930 to grant the U.S. Court of International Trade jurisdiction over the review of a final determination of such a binational panel.
Declares that the amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico.
Canadian River Project Prepayment Act - Directs the Secretary of the Interior, in consideration of the Canadian River Municipal Water Authority accepting the obligation of the Federal Government for the Canadian River Project, Texas (a water reclamation project), and subject to a specified payment by the Authority, to convey the Project to the Authority as provided under the Canadian River Project Authorization Act. 
Directs the Secretary, acting through the National Park Service, to continue to operate the Lake Meredith National Recreation Area. Directs the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Corps of Engineers, to continue to prescribe regulations for the use of storage allocated to flood control at Lake Meredith as prescribed in a certain Letter of Understanding. 
Grants the Authority the right to occupy and use without payment of lease or rental charges or license or user fees the property retained by the Bureau of Reclamation at Sanford Dam for use as a headquarters and maintenance facility. 
Provides party rights and obligations under current contract obligations and in relationship to other laws.
Paycheck Fairness Act - Amends the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (FLSA) and the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (CRA) to revise and increase remedies and enforcement on behalf of victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex. 
Amends FLSA to provide for enhanced enforcement of equal pay requirements (also known as the Equal Pay Act of 1963), adding a nonretaliation requirement.  Increases penalties for such violations. Provides for the Secretary of Labor to seek additional compensatory or punitive damages in such cases. 
Amends CRA to direct the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) to require certain employers to maintain payroll records and report to the EEOC pay information analyzed by race, sex, and national origin of employees.  Applies such requirement to employers who have 100 or more employees for each working day in each of 20 or more calendar weeks. 
Requires EEOC and the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) to train EEOC employees and affected individuals and entities on matters involving discrimination in the payment of wages. 
Directs the Secretary to conduct studies and provide information to employers, labor organizations, and the general public concerning the means available to eliminate pay disparities between men and women, including convening a national summit and carrying out other specified activities. 
Establishes the Robert Reich National Award for Pay Equity in the Workplace, which shall be evidenced by a medal.  Sets forth criteria for specified types of entities to receive such an award. 
Authorizes appropriations to the EEOC, the OFCCP, and the Secretary to carry out this Act.
Medicare Chronic Kidney Disease Management Act of 2003 - Entitles qualified chronic kidney disease patients to benefits under part A (Hospital Insurance) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act. Prohibits enrollment of chronic kidney disease patients in part C (Medicare+Choice) of the Social Security Act.

Provides for pre-end stage renal disease (pre-ESRD) professional nutritional and other counseling and related services and items for individuals diagnosed with chronic kidney disease.

Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish demonstration projects to evaluate methods through which kidney patient peer education may: (1) slow down or prevent the progress of kidney disease to end-stage renal disease in Medicare beneficiaries; (2) improve the management of co-morbid conditions associated with kidney disease; (3) improve choice in selection of renal replacement therapies (including home dialysis); and (4) improve other outcomes (such as employment).
Government Shutdown Prevention Act - Provides for continuing appropriations (at 100 percent of the rate of operations provided for in FY 1997) in the absence of regular appropriations for FY 1998.
Orphan Products Extension Now Accelerating Cures and Treatments Act of 2017 or the OPEN Act This bill amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to extend by six months the exclusivity period for a drug or biological product approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) when the product is additionally approved to prevent, diagnose, or treat a new indication that is a rare disease or condition (also known as an orphan disease). HHS may revoke an extension if the application submitted to the FDA for the new indication contained an untrue material statement. HHS must notify the public of products that receive this extension and patents related to those products. Products may receive only one extension under this bill. Extensions under this bill are in addition to other extensions. The bill applies only to products approved after enactment of this bill for a new indication that is a rare disease or condition.
Safety, Accountability, and Funding Efficiency for Transportation Act of 2007 - Requires government agencies to prepare cost benefit analyses before entering any private contract of $100,000 or more to procure private sector architectural, engineering, and related services for a surface transportation project.

Provides for public disclosure of the results of such cost-benefit analysis if the government agency determines it is in the public interest to enter into the contract.

Authorizes the waiver of such requirements if it is determined that the government agency cannot perform the work to be conducted under the contract with existing or additional government employees because such work is of an emergency, specialty, or intermittent nature.
Express Appeals Act Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to: (1) carry out a five-year pilot program to provide the option of an alternative appeals process to determine appeals of claims for disability compensation more quickly, and (2) inform claimants about such program. Describes appeals filed under the pilot program as &quot;fully developed appeals.&quot; Authorizes a claimant to elect to file a fully developed appeal by filing with the Secretary: (1) a notice of disagreement along with the claimant's written election to have the appeal determined under the pilot program, (2) all evidence that the claimant believes is needed for the appeal, and (3) a statement of the argument in support of the claim. Requires the Secretary to transfer jurisdiction over a fully developed appeal directly to the Board of Veterans' Appeals. Requires a claimant to make such election: (1) at any time during the traditional appeal process if the claimant has filed a traditional appeal before the pilot program commences, or (2) when the claimant files the notice of disagreement if the claimant has not filed a traditional appeal. Directs the Secretary to inform a claimant who seeks to change a traditional appeal to a fully developed appeal as to whether any time will be saved. Allows a claimant who elects to file a fully developed appeal to elect to revert to a traditional appeal at any time.  Requires the Board of Veterans' Appeals to: (1) maintain fully developed appeals on a separate docket; (2) hear fully developed appeals in the order received; (3) decide not more than one fully developed appeal for each four traditional appeals decided, though this ratio may be adjusted for fairness purposes beginning one year after the pilot program begins; and (4) decide, to the extent practicable, each fully developed appeal within one year of a claimant's filing the notice of disagreement. Sets forth provisions regarding: (1) the effects of new evidence submitted or additional information needed after a fully developed appeal is filed, and (2) a prohibition against the Board providing hearings for fully developed appeals. Directs the Board to establish an office to develop federal records, independent medical opinions, and new medical exams that the Board deems necessary to decide a fully developed appeal.
Federal Payday Loan Consumer Protection Amendments of 2001 - Amends the Federal Deposit Insurance Act with respect to any transaction (payday loan) in which a short-term cash advance is made to a consumer in exchange for: (1) the consumer's personal check or share draft, in the amount of the advance plus a fee, where presentment or negotiation is deferred by agreement of the parties until a designated future date; or (2) a consumer's authorization to debit the consumer's transaction account, in the amount of the advance plus a fee, where such account will be debited on or after a designated future date.Prohibits an insured depository institution from making: (1) payday loans; and (2) any loan to any lender in order to either finance, refinance, or extend a payday loan.Amends the Consumer Credit Protection Act to redefine credit to include a payday loan.Amends the Truth in Lending Act to prohibit a creditor from making a payday loan if the creditor has reasonable cause to believe that: (1) the personal check or share draft received in exchange for such loan is drawn upon either an insured depository institution or insured credit union; or (2) the account debited in exchange for such loan is a transaction or share draft account at an insured depository institution or an insured credit union.Sets forth civil liabilities for violations of this Act.
Consumer Overdraft Protection Fair Practices Act - Amends the Truth in Lending Act to set forth restrictions upon overdraft protection fees or services placed upon a consumer account in order to cover any debit due to insufficient funds in such account.

Prohibits certain misrepresentations made by an institution that it will extend credit to cover all overdrafts.

Prohibits specified advertising claims regarding overdraft protection programs or services, including any representation or statement encouraging use of the account as a service to: (1) meet short-term credit needs; or (2) obtain advances on a consumer's next payment of salary, wages, benefits, or other income.

Authorizes the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to restrict additional acts or practices the Board deems unfair or deceptive in connection with the offering, operation, and advertising of overdraft protection programs and services.

Amends the Electronic Fund Transfer Act to set forth restrictions governing overdraft protection services and fees concerning payment of an electronic fund transfer initiated by the consumer at an automated teller machine (ATM) despite of a lack of sufficient funds in the consumer's account.

Amends the Expedited Funds Availability Act to prohibit a depository institution from: (1) imposing overdraft protection fees for paying any check drawn on the account in spite of a lack of sufficient funds unless the account holder has affirmatively requested such service; or (2) engaging in a pattern or practice of delaying the posting of any deposit in an account, or manipulating the process of posting any check or other debit against an account, if such pattern or practice results in an overdraft that triggers payment of an overdraft protection fee.
Commercial Mortgage Capital Availability Act of 1993 - Sets forth a regulatory scheme under which qualified insured depository institutions meeting prescribed reserve and capital requirements may execute mortgage loan transfers with a recourse arrangement. 
Amends the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to modify the definition of "mortgage related security" to include notes directly secured by a first lien on real estate with commercial structures located upon it (thus bringing such securities within the purview of the Act). 
Directs the Secretary of Labor to exempt commercial mortgage related securities transactions from:  (1) certain restrictions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; and (2) certain taxes imposed under the Internal Revenue Code.
Clatsop-Nehalem Restoration Act - Extends federal recognition to the Clatsop-Nehalem Confederated Tribes of Oregon. Restores all rights and privileges of the Tribe and the members of the Tribe under any federal treaty, Executive order, agreement, statute, or other federal authority that may have been diminished or lost under the Act approved August 13, 1954. Makes the provisions of such Act inapplicable to the Tribe and its members.  Makes the Tribe and its members eligible to receive all federal services and benefits furnished to federally recognized Indian tribes, without regard to the existence of a reservation for the Tribe. Deems members of the Tribe residing in Tillamook and Clatsop Counties in Oregon as residing on or near a reservation.  Declares that no hunting, fishing, or trapping rights of the Tribe or of any member are granted or restored.  Establishes and opens the membership roll of the Tribe. 
Foreign Affairs Inclusion Reporting Act or the FAIR Act This bill directs the Department of State to report to Congress within 180 days and quadrennially thereafter on State Department efforts to promote equal opportunity for all American employees in direct hire and personal service contractors status, particularly Foreign Service employees.  Beginning in FY2016, the State Department shall: (1) increase by 10 the number of fellows selected for the Charles B. Rangel International Affairs Program, and (2) increase by 10 the number of fellows selected for the Thomas R. Pickering Foreign Affairs Fellowship Program.   The State Department is urged to provide oversight to the employment, retention, and promotion of underrepresented groups to promote a diverse ethnic representation among mid- and senior-level career professionals through programs such as: (1) the International Career Advancement Program, (2) Seminar XXI at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Center for International Studies, and (3) other international leadership programs. The State Department is also urged to review past programs designed to increase minority representation in international affairs positions, including: (1) the Public Policy and International Affairs Fellowship Program, and (2) the Institute for International Public Policy Fellowship Program.
This bill directs the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate to arrange for the collective award of a single Congressional Gold Medal to American military personnel who fought in defense of Bataan, Corregidor, Guam, Wake Island, and the Philippine Archipelago between December 7, 1941, and May 10, 1942, and who died or were imprisoned by the Japanese military in the Philippines, Japan, Korea, Manchuria, Wake Island, and Guam from April 9, 1942, until September 2, 1945, in recognition of their personal sacrifice and service to their country.  Following its award, the medal shall be given to the Smithsonian Institution where it shall be displayed and made available for research. The bill expresses the sense of the Congress that the Smithsonian Institution should make the medal available for display at other locations, particularly at locations associated with such American military personnel. 
Directs the Secretaries to: (1) adopt a nationwide policy in accordance with this Act for governing backcountry aviation issues related to the management of Federal land under their jurisdiction; and (2) require regional managers to adhere to it. Declares that a policy affecting air access to an aircraft landing strip located on Federal land (including any national policy required under this Act) shall not take effect unless certain conditions are met, including its statement that the FAA has the sole authority to control aviation and airspace over the United States.
National Family Enterprise Preservation Act of 1995 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to increase the unified estate and gift tax credit by creating:  (1) an additional estate tax credit measured by the value of inherited family enterprise property (up to $121,800); (2) an additional gift tax credit equal to the value of gifts of family enterprise property (up to $121,800) minus the sum value of such tax credits for preceding calendar periods; and (3) an additional gift tax exclusion equal to the value of gifts of family enterprise property (up to $10,000). 
Includes in a decedent's estate the value of family enterprise property, reduced by 50 percent or by $1 million, whichever is less. 
Defines family enterprise property as an interest in real or personal property used for farming, business, or any other trade that is at least 80 percent owned by either:  (1) five or fewer individuals who have not formed a limited partnership; or (2) members of the same family. 
Imposes an additional estate tax on a taxpayer who:  (1) inherits family enterprise property; (2) qualifies for an estate tax credit; and (3) disposes of that property within ten years of the decedent's death, and before the death of another individual with an interest in the property.  Defines the additional estate tax as past estate tax liability attributable to the taxpayer for interest in the family enterprise property (for which he received an estate tax credit) reduced by five percent for every year after the decedent's death that the taxpayer participated in the management of the family enterprise property. 
Increases from $750,000 to $1 million the amount of aggregate reduction permitted in the fair market value of certain farm, etc. real property taken into account for determining the gross estate.
Fair Disbursement of Offshore Oil Revenue Act of 2001 - Establishes in the Treasury the Coastal Communities Outer Continental Shelf Receipt Fund.Instructs the Secretary of the Interior to: (1) pay into the Fund certain revenues attributable to an Outer Continental Shelf lease, any part of which is within 200 geographical miles of the coast line; and (2) pay annually from the Fund to each coastal State one-half, and its coastal counties the other half, of such revenues as may be attributable to that State.Conditions receipt of such funds upon annual enactment by the affected coastal State and related coastal county of the legislation necessary to provide any permits required for onshore facilities needed to support offshore oil or gas development or production in the pertinent area.Prohibits disbursement of funds to a coastal State or county that fails to enact such legislation. Requires the Secretary to take such failure into consideration before offering additional leases for sale in the offshore area adjacent to such jurisdiction.Requires each State to use such funds for leasing and permitting administrative costs, and for environmental, natural resource, and educational projects.
Innovation for Tomorrow's Workforce Act This bill amends the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to authorize the Department of Education (ED) to award early-phase, mid-phase, or expansion grants to eligible entities, including local educational agencies and area career and technical education (CTE) schools, to:   create, develop, implement, or take to scale evidence-based, field initiated innovations, including through a pay for success initiative to improve CTE student outcomes; and  evaluate such innovations rigorously.   Funding under the Act may be used by eligible agencies for state leadership activities and by eligible recipients for local uses to support CTE programs to:   make all forms of instructional content widely available, which may include the use of open educational resources; and support pay for success initiatives.   Funding under the Act may also be used by eligible agencies for state leadership activities to provide or support work-based learning opportunities for students, which may include employer-led training resulting in recognized credential and apprenticeship programs for such students. Funds received for local use shall be used for such activities. ED and the Department of Labor may carry out joint experimental, research, pilot, or demonstration projects regarding integrated, aligned, coordinated, and effective CTE and workforce education and training programs in order to address employment and training needs. The independent assessment of career and technical education programs required under such Act is expanded to include an evaluation of the effectiveness of such projects. Funding under the Act may be used by eligible agencies for local uses to expand opportunities for students to participate in competency-based education programs.
Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act of 2015  Amends the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exempt from its registration requirements certain merger and acquisition brokers and associated persons. Denies such registration exemption, however, to brokers who: (1) receive, hold, transmit, or have custody of any funds or securities to be exchanged by parties to a transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company; (2) engage on behalf of an issuer in a public offering of securities that are either subject to mandatory registration, or with respect to which the issuer must file periodic information, documents, and reports; (3) engage on behalf of any party in a transaction involving a public shell company; or (4) are subject to suspension or revocation of registration, or to certain statutory disqualifications, or to certain final orders. Prohibits this Act from being construed to limit any other authority of the Securities and Exchange Commission to exempt any person, or any class of persons, from any provision of this Act, including any related rule or regulation.
Amends the Toxic Substances Control Act to prohibit, three years after the enactment of the MTBE Elimination Act, the use of MTBE as a fuel additive.
Requires persons selling oxygenated gasoline containing MTBE at retail to be required under regulations promulgated by the Administrator to label the fuel dispensing system with a notice that specifies that the gasoline contains MTBE and provides other information concerning MTBE as determined appropriate by the Administrator.
Directs the Administrator to establish a schedule that provides for an annual phased reduction in the quantity of MTBE that may be used as a fuel additive during the three-year period beginning on this Act's enactment date.
Requires the Administrator to establish an MTBE research grants program within EPA. Authorizes grants to eligible grantees to pay the Federal cost share of research on: (1) the development of more cost-effective and accurate MTBE groundwater testing methods; (2) the development of more efficient and cost-effective remediation procedures for water sources contaminated with MTBE; or (3) the potential effects of MTBE on human health. Makes eligible for such grants Federal research agencies, national laboratories, colleges or universities, certain private research organizations, and State environmental research facilities. Authorizes appropriations.
Directs the Administrator to promulgate rules requiring a .5 pounds per square inch Reid vapor pressure allowance for all reformulated gasoline containing 3.5 percent oxygen by weight. Provides that any additional volatile organic compound emissions resulting from the use of such gasoline should be deemed to be fully offset and not calculated in determining compliance with certain Clean Air Act provisions dealing with reasonable further progress plans or demonstrations.
Home Health Access Preservation Act of 1998 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act (SSA), as amended by the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, with respect to the computation formula of the interim system of limited payments for services provided by home health agencies.  Revises such formula for cost reporting periods beginning after FY 1998 to replace the current agency-specific per beneficiary annual limits with limits based on specified base regional limits, a base national limit, and an area wage index. 
Eliminates the special rule for new agencies with respect to determination of the reasonable cost of home health services. 
Provides for a three percent increase in per-visit cost limits for cost reporting periods beginning on or after October 1, 1997. 
Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to allot grants to States, according to a specified formula, to provide for adjustment for outliers to assist in the transition to the prospective payment system for home health services.  Makes necessary appropriations. 
Directs the Secretary to meet every 90 days with appropriate congressional committee staff to provide informal updates of progress in implementing the prospective payment system for home health agencies under Medicare.
Residential Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Prevention Act - Amends the Consumer Product Safety Act to require the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) to publish the American National Standard for Single and Multiple Station Carbon Monoxide Alarms (American National Standard ANSI/UL 2034-2005) as a mandatory consumer product safety standard. Makes it unlawful for any manufacturer or distributor to import or distribute any new assembled or unassembled residential carbon monoxide detector unless it complies with the standard.

Requires the CPSC to issue a final rule in its proceeding titled Portable Generators, including a requirement that portable generators incorporate an automatic shutoff feature if compliance with such a requirement is technologically feasible.

Requires the CPSC to establish a grant program to provide assistance to states to carry out a carbon monoxide alarm program.
21st Century Community Learning Centers Act - Directs the Secretary of Education to make grants to rural and inner city schools or consortia for projects that benefit the educational, health, social security, cultural, and recreational needs of rural or inner city communities. 
Authorizes appropriations.
High Plains Groundwater Resource Conservation Act - Amends the Food Security Act of 1985 to direct the Secretary of Agriculture, for each of FY2011-FY2020, to enter into contracts with producers in the High Plains Aquifer states (Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas, and Wyoming) through a High Plains Aquifer Groundwater Conservation Incentives Program, aimed at achieving significant per-acre savings of groundwater resources of the High Plains Aquifer.

Directs the Secretary to ensure that producers on land drawing water from that Aquifer throughout the High Plains region have an opportunity to participate in the Program. Requires producers in areas experiencing significant aquifer level declines to be given priority.

Provides for incentive payments for a producer on land drawing water from the Aquifer who agrees not to irrigate all or part of the land and to transfer the producer's water rights for the nonirrigated land to the applicable High Plains Aquifer state.
OPIC Termination Act - Abolishes the Overseas Private Investment Corporation.
District of Columbia Tax Incentives Improvement Act of 2002 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to designate the entire District of Columbia as an enterprise zone which shall be treated as an empowerment zone.Excludes from gross income capital gains on sale or exchange of District assets held for more than two years (presently the figure is five years). Defines what constitutes a District business. Nullifies the exclusion of any trade or business from counting as a District business for reason of consisting predominantly of dealing in intangibles if: (1) at least 30 percent of the employees of such a business are District residents; and (2) at least 50 percent of the wages are paid to District residents.Extends time line for which provisions of enterprise zone treatment will last. Makes permanent provisions of law pertaining to the first-time homebuyer credit (currently, they last through December 31, 2003). Extends classification of "first-time homebuyer" to certain individuals buying residences due to divorce or separation, and directs the Secretary of Treasury to prescribe regulations to prevent abuses of such provision.Removes the limitation on the amount of tax-exempt enterprise zone facility bonds that can be issued.Exempts certain bonds and notes issued by the District Council and the interest thereon from all taxation (except for estate, inheritance, and gift taxes) by the United States, any State or political subdivision thereof, the District, or any possession of the United States.Sets the tax and withholding rates for nonresident aliens and foreign corporations at zero for payments made by an "exempt insurance company" with respect to a "DC Zone insurance policy" issued by such company (as such terms are defined by this Act). Relieves exempt insurance companies from reporting requirements with respect to amounts paid under a DC Zone insurance policy to foreigners in connection with risks located outside the United States.
American Innovation $1 Coin Act  This bill directs the Department of the Treasury to mint and issue American Innovation $1 coins commemorating an innovation, an individual innovator, or a group of innovators from each state, each U.S. territory, and the District of Columbia. Treasury shall issue four coins per year, in alphabetical order by jurisdiction, until a coin has been issued for each jurisdiction. 
Economic and Employment Impact Act - Directs the Comptroller General to prepare an economic and employment impact statement to accompany each bill, resolution, or conference report before it may be reported or otherwise considered on the floor of either House of Congress.  Requires such statement to:  (1) state the extent to which enactment of such legislation would result in increased costs to the private sector, individuals, or State and local governments; and (2) include a detailed assessment of the annual impact of such legislation on consumer and business costs, employment, the Gross Domestic Product, and other specified criteria. Provides that such statement may consist of a brief summary assessment if preliminary analysis indicates that the aggregate effect of the legislation is less than $100 million or 10,000 jobs in national employment.  Authorizes the Congress to waive the requirements at any time in which a declaration of war is in effect or in response to a national security emergency at the request of the President. 
Provides that it shall not be in order in either House of Congress to consider any legislation that does not include such a statement. Allows such point of order to be waived. 
Requires each regulation and proposed regulation promulgated by an executive department or agency to be accompanied by such a statement and published with such statement in the Federal Register.  Authorizes the President to waive the requirements of this paragraph at any time in which a declaration of war is in effect or in response to a national security emergency. 
Amends rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate to repeal provisions concerning congressional committee reports accompanying bills and resolutions.
(Sec. 2) Requires the Assistant Administrator of the Office of Research and Development at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to:  enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to make a comprehensive assessment of research on the implications of using mid-level ethanol blends, comparing mid-level ethanol blends to gasoline blends containing 10% and 0% ethanol; and report on assessment findings and whether the EPA Administrator agrees or disagrees with each of them.   Defines a mid-level ethanol blend as an ethanol-gasoline blend containing greater than 10% and up to and including 20% ethanol by volume that is intended to be used in any conventional gasoline-powered onroad, nonroad, or marine engine, or onroad or nonroad vehicle. Nullifies waivers granted under the Clean Air Act before the enactment of this Act that allow the introduction into commerce of mid-level ethanol blends for use in motor vehicles, and prohibits the Administrator from granting any new waivers until after the report is submitted. Requires the assessment to include: (1) an evaluation of the environmental, safety, durability, and performance effects of the introduction of mid-level blends on onroad, nonroad, and marine engines, onroad and nonroad vehicles, and related equipment; and (2) an identification of areas of research, development, and testing necessary to ensure that existing motor fuel infrastructure is not adversely impacted by mid-level ethanol blends and to reduce the risk of misfueling by users at various points in the distribution and supply chain. Requires the evaluation to review all available scientific evidence and identify gaps in understanding and research needs related to tailpipe emissions, evaporative emissions, engine and fuel system durability, onboard diagnostics, emissions inventory and other modeling effects, materials compatibility, operability and drivability, fuel efficiency, fuel economy, consumer education and satisfaction, cost-effectiveness for the consumer, catalyst durability, and durability of storage tanks, piping, and dispensers for retail. (Sec. 3) Directs the Administrator to use certain funds made available to the EPA for science and technology, including research and development activities, to carry out this Act.
TABLE OF CONTENTS: 
     Title I:  National Science Foundation Authorization 
     Title II:  General Provisions 
National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1995 - 
Title I: National Science Foundation Authorization
 - Authorizes appropriations to the National Science Foundation (NSF) for FY 1996 and 1997. 
(Sec. 104) Provides for reprogramming of appropriations. 
(Sec. 105) States that nothing in this Act shall preclude additional FY 1996 authorization of appropriations for NSF. 
Title II:  General Provisions
 - Amends the National Science Foundation Act of 1950 to direct NSF to include in its annual report to the President a strategic plan defining its goals, criteria, and procedures. 
(Sec. 202) Requires NSF to submit to the Congress an annual upgrade and maintenance plan for national research facilities. 
(Sec. 203) Amends the Academic Research Facilities Modernization Act of 1988 to give research facility grant priority to institutions or consortia that have not received such funds in the preceding five years. 
(Sec. 204) Makes administrative amendments to the National Science Foundation Act of 1950, the National Science Foundation Authorization Act, 1976, the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1988, and the Education for Economic Security Act. 
(Sec. 206) Requires certain research instrumentation and facilities guidelines to be incorporated in NSF grant notices. 
(Sec. 207) Subjects NSF temporary employees to the same financial disclosure requirements as apply to permanent employees. 
(Sec. 208) Requires an institution of higher education receiving NSF funds to grant a military-educational leave of absence to a student on active military duty (other than training). 
(Sec. 209) Prohibits the use of any funds authorized under this Act from being used for any lobbying activity. 
(Sec. 210) Renames the Critical Technologies Institute as the Science Studies Institute. 
(Sec. 211) Requires NSF to consider the impact of a grant on undergraduate and graduate education before its award. 
(Sec. 212) Authorizes the Director of NSF to appoint up to six Assistant Directors. 
(Sec. 214) Excludes from NSF awards for five years any person who received project funds not subject to competitive merit-based awards. (Exempts persons who are members of a law-specified class.)
Litigation Relief for Forest Management Projects Act This bill amends the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 and the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to prohibit the Department of Agriculture (USDA) or the Department of the Interior from being required to engage in any additional consultation with respect to: (1) the listing of a species as threatened or endangered, or a designation of a critical habitat, if a land management plan or land use plan, respectively, has been adopted by USDA or Interior as of the date of the listing or designation; or (2) any provision of such an adopted plan. 
Paleontological Resources Preservation Act - Directs the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture (the Secretaries) to: (1) manage and protect paleontological resources on Federal land using scientific principles and expertise; and (2) develop plans for inventorying, monitoring, and deriving the scientific and educational use of such resources.Directs the Secretaries to establish a program to increase public awareness about the significance of paleontological resources.Prohibits a person from collecting a paleontological resource from Federal land without a permit issued under this Act by one of the Secretaries. Authorizes the Secretaries to allow casual collecting of common invertebrate and plant paleontological resources for scientific, educational, and recreational uses, without a permit, on certain Federal lands where not inconsistent with laws governing management of such lands and this Act. Recognizes as valid permits issued before enactment of this Act.Prohibits: (1) excavating, removing, or altering a paleontological resource located on Federal lands, except in compliance with this Act; (2) exchanging or receiving such a resource, if the person knew or should have known such resource to have been illegally removed from Federal lands; (3) selling or purchasing a paleontological resource, if the person knew or should have known such resource to have been illegally removed from Federal lands; or (4) making or submitting false records, accounts, or identification of any paleontological resource excavated or removed from Federal lands. Imposes criminal penalties for violating this Act.Sets forth requirements for the assessment of civil penalties by the Secretaries for violations of any prohibitions contained in regulations or permits issued under this Act. Requires any recovered amounts to be available for use: (1) to protect or restore the paleontological resources and sites which were the subject of the action, or to acquire sites with equivalent resources and to protect, monitor, and study the resources and sites; (2) to provide educational materials to the public about paleontological resources and sites; and (3) as a reward.Requires that information on the nature and specific location of a paleontological resource that requires a permit under this Act or other Federal law be withheld from the public, including under the Freedom of Information Act, except under specified conditions.Declares that no permit is required by this Act for the casual collecting of rocks and minerals on National Forest System lands for personal use.
Children's Act for Responsible Employment - CARE Act - Amends the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (FLRA) to revise child labor prohibitions. 
(Sec. 2) Repeals certain exemptions from child labor prohibitions for agricultural employment.  Applies the same age restrictions to agricultural employment as to other forms of employment.  Limits exemptions to agricultural labor outside of school hours, if the individual is employed by his or her parent or legal guardian, on a farm owned or operated by such parent or legal guardian.  Raises from 16 to 18 years old the minimum age for engaging in hazardous agricultural employment. 
(Sec. 3) Prohibits employment of individuals under age 16 in youth peddling.  Excludes from the definition of youth peddling volunteer selling of goods or services on behalf of not-for-profit organizations. 
(Sec. 4) Increases civil and criminal penalties for child labor violations. 
(Sec. 5) Directs the Secretary of Labor to determine the circumstances under which goods tainted by oppressive child labor may be allowed to be shipped or delivered for shipment in interstate commerce. 
(Sec. 6) Directs the Secretary to establish closer working relationships with non-governmental organizations and with State and local government agencies with responsibility for administering and enforcing labor and safety and health laws.  Requires State and local government agencies to submit information regarding injuries and deaths of employees to the Secretary, upon request, for specified use in enforcement and other uses under FLRA.  Authorizes the Secretary to reimburse such agencies for such services. 
(Sec. 7) Directs the Secretaries of Labor and of Agriculture to enter into a memorandum or understanding to coordinate the development and enforcement of standards to minimize child labor.
Counterfeit Drug Enforcement Act - Amends the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, upon a finding of reasonable probability that a drug intended for human use would cause serious health consequences or death, to issue an order requiring the appropriate person (including the manufacturers, importers, distributors, or retailers of the drug) to: (1) cease distribution of the drug; (2) notify health professionals of the order and instruct such professionals to cease administering or prescribing the drug; and (3) amend the order to include a recall if necessary.

Establishes a criminal fine and/or imprisonment for a person who: (1) knowingly causes a prescription drug to be adulterated or misbranded and sells or trades the drug; or (2) purchases or trades for such drug knowing or having reason to know that the drug was knowingly adulterated or misbranded. Requires a manufacturer of a drug to notify the Secretary within 48 hours after first receiving or becoming aware of information that reasonably suggests that such a violation may have occurred.

Increases funding for Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspections, examinations, and investigations.
New Millennium Classrooms Act - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) increase from two to three years the age of computer equipment that corporations may donate to tax-exempt schools and for which they may receive a tax deduction; and (2) allow a business tax credit of 30 percent of the value of computer equipment donated to tax-exempt schools. Increases the amount of such credit to 50 percent for contributions to schools in empowerment zones, enterprise communities, and Indian reservations.
Mount St.  Helens National Volcanic Monument Completion Act - Requires the Secretary of the Interior to acquire, by exchange, the mineral and geothermal interests of each company (Burlington Northern, Incorporated or the Weyerhaeuser Company) in the Mount St.  Helens National Volcanic Monument in the State of Washington. 
Sets forth requirements and administrative procedures for such exchange, including requiring the Secretary, in exchange for all mineral and geothermal interests acquired from each company, to issue to each such company monetary credits with a value of $2.1 million that may be used for the payment of:  (1) not more than 50 percent of the bonus or other payments made by successful bidders in any sales of mineral, oil, gas, or geothermal leases under the Mineral Leasing Act, the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, or the Geothermal Steam Act of 1970 in the contiguous 48 States; (2) not more than ten percent of the bonus or other payments made by successful bidders in any sales of such leases under such Acts; (3) not more than 50 percent of any royalty, rental, or advance royalty payment made to the United States to maintain any mineral, oil, or gas, or geothermal lease in the 48 contiguous States issued under such Acts; or (4) not more than ten percent of any royalty, rental, or advance royalty payment made to the United States to maintain any mineral, oil, or gas, or geothermal lease in Alaska issued under such Acts.  Requires the Secretary to accept credits in the same manner as cash for the payments.  Requires that all amounts in the form of credits accepted by the Secretary for the payments be considered to be money received for the purpose of the Mineral Leasing Act and the Geothermal Steam Act of 1970. 
Directs the Secretary, not later than 30 days after the completion of the required exchange with a company, to establish an exchange account for that company for the monetary credits issued to it. Permits:  (1) a company to transfer or sell any credits in the company's account to another person; and (2) such credits transferred or sold to be used only by a person that is qualified to bid on, or that holds, a mineral, oil, or gas lease under the Mineral Leasing Act, the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, or the Geothermal Steam Act of 1970.  Terminates an account created for a company five years after creation. 
Requires the Secretary to report to specified congressional committees on:  (1) all remaining privately held mineral interests within the boundaries of the Monument; and (2) a plan and a timetable by which the Secretary would propose to complete the acquisition of such interests.
Next Generation Homes Act of 2008 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) increase the dollar limits on the new energy efficient home tax credit and revise the energy savings requirements for such credit; and (2) allow a new tax deduction for the purchase of an energy efficient principal residence.
Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2015 This bill amends the Clayton Act with respect to actions brought by the Attorney General for violations of antitrust laws. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is required, but only under the Clayton Act, to exercise the same authority and procedures of the Attorney General specified in the Act with respect to the prohibition against acquisition by one corporation of the stock of another (merger) that may substantially lessen competition or tend to create a monopoly. The Federal Trade Commission Act (FTCA) is amended to exclude proposed mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, or similar transactions from FTC proceedings, except in cases where the FTC approves an agreement with the parties to the transaction that contains a consent order. Jurisdiction is granted to the U.S. district courts to issue writs of mandamus commanding compliance with the FTCA or any FTC order, if the FTC applies to such courts with respect to any activity related to consummation of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or similar transaction that results in an unfair method of competition.
Legislative Line Item Veto Act of 1993 - Authorizes the President to rescind all or part of any discretionary budget authority if the President:  (1) determines that such rescission would help reduce the Federal budget deficit, will not impair any essential Government functions, and will not harm the national interest; and (2) notifies the Congress, within 20 days after the enactment of the appropriations legislation, by a special message for each item to be rescinded. 
Makes such a rescission effective unless the Congress enacts a rescission disapproval bill within a specified review period. 
Describes:  (1) information to be included in the President's message; and (2) procedures to govern consideration of rescission disapproval legislation in the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Safe Teen and Novice Driver Uniform Protection Act of 2005 (STANDUP Act) - Authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to award incentive grants to States with graduated driver licensing laws that include for novice drivers under age 21: (1) a three-stage licensing process (including a learner's permit stage and an intermediate stage before an unrestricted driver's license is granted); (2) a prohibition on nighttime driving during the learner's permit and intermediate stages; (3) a prohibition (during the learner's permit and intermediate stages) against operating a motor vehicle with more than one non-familial passenger under age 21 if there is no licensed driver 21 years old or older present in the vehicle; and (4) any other requirement that the Secretary may require.

Directs the Secretary to withhold a certain amount of Federal-aid highway funds from States that are not in compliance with the requirements of this Act.
End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2017  This bill amends the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 to add the Secretary of the Treasury as a member of the President's Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking. The task force must submit to Congress recommendations&nbsp;for the revision of&nbsp;anti-money laundering programs to specifically target money laundering related to human trafficking. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council&nbsp;must review and enhance, where necessary: (1) training and procedures to improve the ability of anti-money laundering programs to target human trafficking operations, and (2) procedures for referring potential human trafficking cases to the appropriate law enforcement agency. The Department of Justice must report on: (1)&nbsp;efforts to eliminate money laundering related to human trafficking; and (2) the number of investigations, arrests, indictments, and convictions in money laundering cases related to human trafficking.
Access to Congressionally Mandated Reports Act This bill requires the Government Publishing Office (GPO) to establish and maintain a publicly available website containing copies of all congressionally mandated reports. The website must feature, in addition to certain descriptive information related to such reports: (1) the ability to retrieve a report through specified types of searches; (2) a means for downloading reports individually&nbsp;or in bulk; (3) an electronic means for federal agencies to submit reports to the GPO, as required by the bill; and (4) in tabular form, a list of all reports that can be searched and sorted by time frame or submission status. The Office of Management and Budget must issue guidance to federal agencies on the bill's requirement for agencies to submit copies of congressionally mandated reports and related information to the GPO. With respect to each report, the relevant federal agency may redact or withhold certain information in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act and other laws. At least annually by April 1, the Library of Congress must submit to the GPO a list of all congressionally mandated reports from the previous year.&nbsp;The list shall be provided in an open format and must include specified identifying and otherwise descriptive information.
State High Risk Pool Funding Extension Act of 2004 - Amends the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize funds for States to create and to operate existing high risk health insurance pools.

Increases the maximum allowable premium in a qualified high risk pool to 200 percent of the premium for applicable standard risk rates. Defines "standard risk rate" as a rate that: (1) is determined under the State high risk pool by considering the premiums charged by other health insurers in the same market; (2) is established using reasonable actuarial techniques; and (3) reflects anticipated claims experience and expenses.

Expands the definition of "qualified high risk pool" to allow a State to meet the requirement to provide all eligible individuals with health insurance coverage by utilizing an acceptable alternative mechanism that includes a high risk pool as a component and: (1) that provides for risk adjustment, risk spreading, or a risk spreading mechanism (among issuers or policies of an issuer) or for some financial subsidization for eligible individuals, including through assistance to participating issuers; or (2) under which each eligible individual is provided a choice of all individual health insurance coverage otherwise available.

Amends the formula for appropriating funds to States to operate such pools to give one-half of the funds to eligible States equally and apportion the other half based on the number of uninsured individuals in each State and the number of enrollees in the State's qualified high risk pool. (Currently, all funds are allotted based solely on the number of uninsured individuals in the State.)
Lawful Purpose and Self Defense Act  This bill modifies the definition of "armor piercing ammunition" for purposes of federal firearms provisions to: (1) include a projectile that is designed and intended by the manufacturer or importer for use in a handgun; (2) exclude a projectile that is primarily intended by the manufacturer or importer to be used in a rifle or shotgun and a handgun projectile that is designed for hunting, recreational, or competitive shooting. This bill repeals a prohibition on assembling from imported parts a semiautomatic rifle or shotgun that is identical to one prohibited from importation as not being suitable for or readily adaptable to sporting purposes. This bill repeals the condition that the Attorney General must approve, as suitable for sporting purposes, the shipment of firearms or ammunition to members of the Armed Forces.   The following categories of firearms or ammunition may be authorized for importation into the United States by the Attorney General: (1) ammunition that is not armor piercing; (2) a firearm or ammunition that is being brought in for the use of a federal, state, or local government agency; and (3) a firearm or ammunition that is being imported for the purpose of exportation. The definition of "destructive device" for purposes of federal firearms provisions excludes: (1) a shotgun or shotgun shell which the Department of the Treasury finds is generally recognized as particularly suitable for lawful purposes, and (2) an antique or a rifle which the owner intends to use for sporting purposes. The bill authorizes certain temporary interstate transfers of firearms for lawful purposes.
Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016 This bill amends the Clean Air Act by revising the National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) program. (Sec. 2) The bill delays the implementation of the ozone NAAQS that were published in 2015. The bill extends until: (1) October 26, 2024, the deadline for states to submit designations to implement the 2015 ozone NAAQS; and (2) October 26, 2025, the deadline for the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to designate state areas as attainment, nonattainment, or unclassifiable areas with respect to the 2015 ozone NAAQS. States must submit a state implementation plan (SIP) by October 26, 2026, to implement, maintain, and enforce the 2015 ozone NAAQS. The bill exempts from the 2015 ozone standards certain preconstruction permit applications that were completed or submitted before a final designation was made. (Sec. 3) The bill also changes the review cycle for criteria pollutant NAAQS from a 5-year review cycle to a 10-year review cycle. The EPA may not complete its next review of ozone NAAQS before October 26, 2025.  The EPA may consider, as a secondary consideration, likely technological feasibility in establishing and revising NAAQS for a pollutant if a range of air quality levels for such pollutant are requisite to protect public health with an adequate margin of safety. Prior to establishing or revising NAAQS, the EPA must obtain advice from its scientific advisory committee regarding potential adverse public health, welfare, social, economic, or energy effects which may result from attaining and maintaining NAAQS. The EPA must publish regulations and guidance for implementing NAAQS concurrently with the issuance of a new or revised standard. New or revised NAAQS shall not apply to preconstruction permits for constructing or modifying a stationary source of air pollutants until those regulations and guidance have been published. The bill provides that in Extreme Ozone Nonattainment Areas, contingency measures are not required to be included in nonattainment plans. Technological achievability and economic feasibility must be taken into consideration in plan revisions for milestones for particulate matter nonattainment areas.  The bill redefines &quot;exceptional events,&quot; by including stagnation of air masses that are not ordinarily occurring. The EPA must: (1) report on foreign emissions and their impact on compliance with the NAAQS program in the United States, (2) study and report on the atmospheric formation of ozone and effective control strategies, and (3) incorporate the results of the study into rules and guidance implementing the 2015 ozone standards. (Sec. 5) The bill specifies that no additional funds are authorized for carrying out the requirements of this bill. 
Angie Fatino Save Our Children from Meth Act of 2005 - Amends the Controlled Substances Act to direct the Attorney General to transfer to schedule V ephedrine, pseudoephedrine, and phenylpropanolamine. Makes this provision inapplicable with respect to pseudoephedrine when contained in a product that is in a liquid, liquid capsule, or liquid-filled gel capsule, that does not contain more than 360 milligrams of pseudoephedrine, and that is approved under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (pseudoephedrine contained in such product shall then be considered a list I chemical).

Revises the definition of "regulated transaction" to exclude specified transactions involving drugs or products that the Attorney General determines are being diverted for illicit purposes.

Places restrictions on the sale of list I and schedule V pseudoephedrine products. Requires a registrant of list I products to: (1) place the products where the customers do not have direct access to them; (2) maintain a sales logbook that identifies the products, purchasers, dates, and times of sales; and (3) not sell such a product to persons under age 18. Prohibits a registrant of schedule V products that do not require prescriptions from dispensing such a product to a prospective purchaser under age 18.

Sets penalties for violations.

Prohibits any person from knowingly or intentionally purchasing at retail: (1) more than one list I pseudoephedrine product during a 24-hour period without a prescription; (2) more than 7,500 milligrams of pseudoephedrine in list I or schedule V products during a 30-day period without a prescription; or (3) such a list I product without legibly signing the appropriate logbook.
Faster FOIA Act of 2011 - Establishes the Commission on Freedom of Information Act Processing Delays to conduct a study to: (1) identify methods that will help reduce delays in processing Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests submitted to federal agencies; (2) ensure the efficient and equitable administration of FOIA throughout the federal government; (3) examine whether the system for charging fees for such requests and granting waivers of such fees needs to be reformed; (4) determine why the government's use of FOIA exemptions increased during FY2009, whether the increase contributed to delays, what efforts were made by federal agencies to comply with President Obama's January 21, 2009, Presidential Memorandum on Freedom of Information Act Requests, whether those efforts were successful, and how the use of exemptions may be limited; and (5) determine whether any disparities in processing, processing times, and completeness of responses to FOIA requestors have occurred based upon political considerations, ideological viewpoints, the identity of the requestors, affiliation with the media, or affiliation with advocacy groups, why such disparities occurred, and the extent to which political appointees have been involved in the FOIA process.
Commercial Seafood Consumer Protection Act - Directs the Secretary of Commerce (Secretary) to establish a program to strengthen federal activities for ensuring that commercially distributed seafood meets federal food quality and safety requirements.

Directs the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to enter into an agreement to strengthen cooperation on seafood safety, including regarding examining and testing seafood imports, inspections of foreign facilities, technical assistance and training of foreign facilities for marine aquaculture, establishing a distribution chain tracking system, and labeling.

Directs the Secretary to increase the number of laboratories certified to Food and Drug Administration (FDA) standards.

Authorizes the Secretary to increase the number and capacity of laboratories operated by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) involved in testing and other activities under this Act.

Authorizes the Secretary to send inspectors to an originating country or exporter to assess seafood practices and processes and to provide technical assistance related to Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA) requirements.
Get the Lead Out of Schools Act This bill amends the Safe Drinking Water Act by requiring the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to promulgate a national primary drinking water regulation that addresses lead in drinking water in schools and day care facilities. The EPA must also establish a grant program for: (1) testing such drinking water for lead contamination, and (2) replacing lead pipes and certain plumbing materials with lead-free material.
Identity Theft Consumer Notification Act - Amends the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to require that a financial institution to disclose annually to its customers its statutory obligation to: (1) promptly notify the customer if nonpublic personal information has been compromised or misused; (2) help the customer to remedy such compromise, including correcting and updating information contained in a consumer report relating to such customer; (3) reimburse the customer for losses incurred as a result of the compromise or misuse of the information, including fees for obtaining, investigating, and correcting a consumer report on the customer at any consumer reporting agency; and (4) provide information on how the consumer can obtain assistance.Sets forth penalties for the failure of a financial institution to perform its disclosure obligations.Amends the Fair Credit Reporting Act to grant Federal district courts jurisdiction for an action to enforce liability without regard to amount in controversy, in addition to courts of competent jurisdiction.
Clone Pager Authorization Act of 1996 (sic) - Amends the Federal criminal code to authorize the use of a clone pager (defined as a numeric display device that receives communications intended for another numeric display paging device).  Directs the court to enter an ex parte order authorizing the installation and use of a clone pager for which the service provider is subject to the jurisdiction of the court if the court finds that the attorney for the Government or the State law enforcement or investigative officer has certified to the court that the information likely to be obtained by such installation and use is relevant to an ongoing criminal investigation. 
Amends provisions regarding the use of pen registers and trap and trace devices to cover the use of clone pagers. 
Authorizes a Federal court, upon the request of an attorney for the Government or an officer of a law enforcement agency authorized to acquire and use a clone pager, to order a provider of a paging service or other person to furnish to such investigative or law enforcement officer all information, facilities, and technical assistance necessary to accomplish the programming and use of such pager unobtrusively and with a minimum of interference with the paging services provided.
Federal Election Integrity Act of 2012 - Amends the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to prohibit the appropriate state or local election official from providing a federal election ballot to an individual who desires to vote in person unless: (1) the individual presents to the official a government-issued, current, and valid photo identification (ID), and (2) the election official verifies that the ID is of the individual who requests the ballot.

Requires an individual who does not present such an ID to be permitted to cast a provisional ballot in such an election. Requires such individual, however, to present the required ID within 48 hours after casting the provisional ballot, or the appropriate state or local election official shall not determine the individual's eligibility to vote. Requires verification of the photo ID by the election official.

Requires individuals who vote other than in person in a federal election (for example, by mail) to submit a copy of such a photo ID with a ballot, or the appropriate official shall not accept the ballot. Requires verification of the photo ID by the election official. Exempts from this photo ID requirement the absentee ballot of any eligible overseas military voter absent from the United States by reason of active duty or service. Prohibits the appropriate state or local election official from providing a ballott for voting other than in person to an individual who requests such a ballot in person unless: (1) the individual presents the official a government-issued, current, and valid photo ID; and (2) the election official verifies it.

Requires states to establish a program to provide photo IDs in accordance with this Act to individuals who desire to vote but do not otherwise possess a government-issued photo ID. Prohibits any such photo ID from serving as a government-issued photo identification for purposes of operating a motor vehicle or any related purpose.

Prescribes requirements for any state fee for providing such a photo ID.

Requires the Election Assistance Commission to make payments to states to cover the costs incurred in providing photo IDs to individuals unable to afford the fee.
Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act of 2007 - Amends the federal criminal code to: (1) include Amtrak and executive branch police officers as qualified law enforcement officers eligible to carry concealed firearms; and (2) revise requirements for certifying retired law enforcement officers to carry concealed firearms.
Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act Revises the authority of the Secretary of Defense (DOD) to transfer excess DOD property, including small arms and ammunition, to federal and state agencies for law enforcement activities to:   repeal provisions authorizing the transfer of property the Secretary determines is suitable for use in counter-drug and counter-terrorism activities;  repeal provisions directing the Secretary to carry out such transfers in consultation with the Director of National Drug Control Policy;  condition such a transfer on the recipient certifying that it has the personnel and technical capacity to operate the property and will return property determined to be surplus to its needs;  prohibit the transfer of specified weapons, materials, and equipment, including explosive ordnance, drones, assault vehicles, firearms or ammunition of .50 caliber or higher, grenade launchers, flash grenades, and bayonets; and  condition continuation of such program on the Secretary certifying that, for the prior fiscal year, recipients demonstrated 100% accountability for transferred property and complied with program requirements or were suspended or terminated from the program.  Requires the Secretary to: (1) report to Congress and obtain prior approval by law before transferring any DOD property not previously made available for transfer; and (2) submit an annual written certification that a recipient has accounted for, and met transfer conditions for, any such transferred property.  Requires the Defense Logistics Agency to maintain an Internet website on such transfers, unaccounted-for property, and suspended or terminated recipients. Prohibits the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) from permitting awards under a preparedness grant program to be used to buy, maintain, or alter: (1) specified protective, tactical, or explosives equipment, vehicles, canines, or firearms or ammunition of .50 caliber or higher; and (2) body armor or ballistic helmets and shields unless the grantee certifies to FEMA that the equipment will not be used for riot suppression.  Directs: (1) the Comptroller General to conduct an audit covering the period of FY2010 through the current fiscal year on the use of preparedness grant program funds that assesses how funds have been used to procure equipment, how the equipment has been used, and whether the grant awards have furthered FEMA's goal of improving the preparedness of state and local communities; and (2) FEMA to implement a system of accounting on an annual basis how preparedness grant program funds have been used to procure equipment, how the equipment has been used, whether grantees have complied with restrictions on the use of equipment contained with the Authorized Equipment List, and whether the awards have furthered its goal of enhancing the capabilities of state agencies to prevent, deter, respond to, and recover from terrorist attacks, major disasters, and other emergencies. Amends the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to prohibit the use of Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant funds for the purchase, maintenance, alteration, or operation of lethal weapons or less-lethal weapons. Directs the Comptroller General to report on federal agencies, including agency offices of Inspector General, that have specialized units that receive special tactical or military-style training or use hard-plated body armor, shields, or helmets and that respond to high-risk situations that fall outside the capabilities of regular law enforcement officers. Requires such report to include information that is relevant to understanding the usefulness and justification for such units.
(This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the House on November 16, 2015.  Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act (Sec. 2) This bill amends the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to revise the length of the emergency psychiatric demonstration project under title XIX (Medicaid) of the Social Security Act that is currently limited to three years. Participation in the demonstration project shall be extended through FY2016 for any requesting states selected for eligibility to participate on or before March 13, 2012, if the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) determines, and the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services (CMS) certify, that a state's participation is projected not to increase net Medicaid program spending. An additional extension through December 31, 2019, may be granted to a state, and the number of states eligible to participate may be expanded through December 31, 2019, if the same fiscal criteria are met.  HHS shall review annually each participating state's demonstration project expenditures to ensure budget neutrality. If a state's net programming spending has increased as a result of its participation in the project, HHS shall treat the excess expenditures as an overpayment under Medicaid. This bill also revises certain limitations on federal funding. HHS must submit recommendations to Congress: (1) first on whether the demonstration project should be continued after September 30, 2016, (2) whether it should be expanded to additional states, (3) subsequently on whether it should be permanently continued after December 31, 2019, in one or more states, and (4) finally on whether the demonstration project should be expanded (including on a nationwide basis). $100,000 shall be available for the project from unobligated balances of amounts available in the CMS Program Management account.
Secure Travel and Counterterrorism Partnership Act - Expresses the sense of Congress that: (1) the United States should modernize the visa waiver program by enhancing program security requirements and extending visa-free travel privileges to nationals of foreign countries that are allies in the war on terrorism; and (2) such expansion will have positive security, economic, and bilateral effects.

Amends the Immigration and Nationality Act with respect to the visa waiver program to authorize waiver of low visa refusal rate requirements for a country that meets security and counterterrorism cooperation requirements and has a sustained reduction in visa refusal rates.

Authorizes the Secretary of Homeland Security to consider: (1) specified security-related issues in determining whether to waive low visa refusal requirements; and (2) visa overstay rates in determining program eligibility.

Provides for the following program security enhancements: (1) implementation of an electronic travel authorization system which shall provide biographical information; (2) participant country reporting of lost and stolen passports to the U.S. government; (3) participant country acceptance of its citizens or nationals removed from the United States; and (4) security-related information exchange about a country's citizens or nationals traveling to the United States.

Requires the Secretary to establish an exit system that records the departure on a flight leaving the United States of every alien program participant. Requires that such system: (1) match an alien's biometric information against watch lists and immigration information; and (2) compare such biometric information against air carrier manifests to confirm departures.
Andean Adjustment Act of 2001 - Provides for the adjustment to permanent resident status of certain U.S.-resident Colombian and Peruvian nationals (and spouses, children, and certain unmarried sons or daughters).
Small Business Tax Extenders Act of 2012 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to extend through 2012: (1) the 100% exclusion from gross income of gain from the sale or exchange of certain small business stock; (2) the five-year carryback of the general business tax credits of eligible small businesses;(3) the offset against the alternative minimum tax (AMT) of general business tax credits; (4) the reduction (from seven to five years)in the recognition period for the built-in gains of S corporations; (5) the increased expensing allowance for depreciable business assets, including computer software; (6) the special tax rule for long-term contract accounting; (7) the increased tax deduction for small business start-up expenditures;and (8) the tax deduction for health insurance premiums in computing self-employment taxable income.
Independent Ethics Commission Act of 2007 - Establishes within the House of Representatives an Independent Ethics Commission composed only of former federal judges.
Alaska Native and American Indian Direct Reimbursement Act of 1998 - Amends the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to make permanent the authority (currently provided under a demonstration program) for Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and Alaska Native health organizations that contract or compact for the operation of any health program of the Indian Health Service to directly bill for, and receive payment for, health care services provided by such health programs for which payment is made under Medicare or Medicaid or from any other third party payor.    Provides that:  (1) such an entity shall be eligible to participate if it certifies that it contracts or compacts for any part of the operations of a Service health program that is eligible to participate in the Medicare or Medicaid programs; and (2) entities participating in a demonstration program as in effect the day before enactment of this Act shall be deemed to have elected to participate and shall not be required to make such certification. Provides for:  (1) the ongoing examination and implementation of necessary administrative changes to facilitate direct billing and reimbursement under the program; and (2) withdrawal from participation in the program.
Children and Media Research Advancement Act or the CAMRA Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, to enter into a contract with the National Academy of Science or another appropriate entity to: (1) review, synthesize, and report on research regarding the roles and impact of electronic media (including television, motion pictures, DVD's, interactive video games, digital music, the Internet, and cell phones) and exposures to such media on youth in core areas of development; and (2) establish research priorities regarding such issues.

Directs the Secretary, acting through the Director, to award grants for research concerning the role and impact of electronic media on the cognitive, physical, and socio-behavioral development of youth. Requires such research to: (1) focus on the impact of factors such as media content, format, length of exposure, age of youth, venue, and nature of parental involvement; and (2) include as electronic media television, motion pictures, DVDs, interactive video games, digital music, the Internet, and cell phones.
Robin Danielson Act - Amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to provide for the conduct or support of research on the extent to which additives in feminine hygiene products pose any risks to the health of women or the health of the children of women who use those products during or before the pregnancies involved.

Requires the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to: (1) collect, analyze, and make available data on toxic shock syndrome, including data on the causes of such syndrome; and (2) determine the national incidence and prevalence of such syndrome.
National Science Education Incentive Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to: (1) permit an eligible science, engineering, math, or technology teacher a limited credit for undergraduate tuition; and (2) permit an elementary and secondary science, mathematics, engineering, and technology credit (SMET) credit for qualified contributions of property or service to qualified elementary and secondary schools.
Home Health Care Access Protection Act of 2007 - Amends title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act with respect to the prospective payment system (PPS) for home health services and adjustments to it for case mix changes.

Prohibits any adjustment in the PPS for payment in 2008. Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services, for any adjustment in a subsequent year, to evaluate changes in case mix using standards developed consistent with specified processes, taking certain criteria into account.

Directs the Secretary to convene a Technical Advisory Group to advise on the development of such standards.

Prohibits the Secretary from taking any action to implement or otherwise carry out provisions in the final rule published on August 29, 2007, that propose to make a case mix adjustment to the standardized payment amounts under the PPS to account for changes in coding that were not related to an underlying change in patient health status. Directs the Secretary to republish any rates specified in such rule to take into account the application of such prohibition.
Clean Water Compliance and Affordability Act - Requires the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to carry out a pilot program to work with and facilitate the efforts of eligible municipalities to develop and implement integrated plans to meet wastewater and stormwater obligations under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (commonly known as the Clean Water Act) in a cost-effective and flexible manner and consistent with the Integrated Municipal Stormwater and Wastewater Approach Framework issued by EPA in May 2012. Directs the EPA to select at least 15 municipalities to participate in the program. Sets forth eligibility and selection factors. Prescribes standards for approval of a municipality's integrated plan under the pilot program. Allows priority to be given to municipalities seeking to develop and implement approaches that adapt to changed or future uncertain circumstances. Authorizes the EPA to: (1) extend the allowable national pollutant discharge elimination system permit term to a maximum of 25 years, (2) modify the implementation terms of a consent decree, and (3) provide additional regulatory flexibility in approving and implementing an integrated plan that includes adaptive approaches.
Strategic Petroleum Reserve Reform Act (Sec.2)This bill amends the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to authorize the Department of Energy (DOE)to lease underutilized Strategic Petroleum Reserve storage facilities to private entities. Currently, DOE may only lease these storage facilities to foreign governments.  (Sec.3)DOE must conduct a pilot program to lease underutilized storage facilities. The program must make available capacity for storage of up to 200 million barrels of petroleum products.
(This measure has not been amended since it was reported to the Senate on May 21, 2015.  Girls Count Act of 2015 (Sec. 3) This bill states that it is U.S. policy to:   encourage countries to support the rule of law and ensure girls and boys of all ages are able to fully participate in society, including by providing birth certifications and other official documentation;  enhance training and capacity-building in key developing countries, local nongovernmental organizations, and other civil society organizations in the design, implementation, and monitoring of programs to address the needs of birth registries in countries where girls are systematically under counted; and  incorporate into the design, implementation, and evaluation of policies and programs measures to evaluate the impact on girls of such policies and programs.   (Sec. 4) Authorizes the Secretary and the Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development to support:   programs that contribute to improved civil registration and vital statistics systems with a focus on birth registration;  programs that build the capacity of developing countries' national and local legal and policy frameworks to prevent discrimination against girls in gaining access to birth certificates; and  programs and key ministries to increase property rights, social security, home ownership, land tenure security, inheritance rights, access to education, and economic and entrepreneurial opportunities, particularly for women and girls.  Authorizes the Secretary and the Administrator to coordinate with multilateral organizations and private sector and civil society organizations to advocate for the registration and documentation of all girls and boys in developing countries. (Sec. 5) Directs the Secretary and the Administrator to include in relevant evaluations and reports to Congress the following information:   a breakdown of U.S. foreign assistance beneficiaries by age, gender, marital status, location, and school enrollment status;  a description of how U.S. foreign assistance benefits girls; and  specific information on programs that address the particular needs of girls.
Small Business Jobs Tax Extenders Act of 2011 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to extend for one year certain tax expenditures for small businesses, including: (1) the 100% exclusion from gross income of gain from the sale or exchange of qualified small business stock, (2) the five-year carryback of tax credit amounts of eligible small businesses, (3) increased expensing and accelerated depreciation allowances, (4) the increased tax deduction for business start-up expenses, and (5) the tax deduction allowed for the health insurance costs of self-employed individuals.

Exempts from the requirement to purchase health insurance under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act an indivdual whose required contribution (determined on an annual basis) for coverage for a month exceeds 5% (currently 8%) of such individual's household income for the taxable year.
Working Families Child Care Act of 1997 - Amends the Child Care Development Block Grant Act of 1990 to authorize appropriations for grants to States for child care for:  (1) low-income working families; and (2) areas with child care shortages. 
Requires States to use certain of such funds to provide child care services for:  (1) families who have left the State program of assistance under title IV part A (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF)) of the Social Security Act because of employment; (2) families that are at risk of becoming dependent on such assistance program; and (3) low-income working families meeting specified criteria. 
Requires States to use certain of such funds for child care activities in areas of the State that have child care supply shortages. Includes among such child care activities programs for: (1) infant care; (2) before- and after-school; (3) resources and referrals; (4) nontraditional work hours; (5) extending the hours of pre-kindergarten programs to provide full-day services; and (6) any other program the Secretary deems appropriate. 
Requires State reports to include information on access to child care by low-income working families.  Requires reports of the Secretary to place particular emphasis on such access.
Amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a tax credit for qualified fuel cell property. Limits the amount of such credit to 30 percent (10 percent for other energy property) of the basis of such fuel cell property up to a maximum of $500 for each 0.5 kilowatt of capacity of such property. Defines "qualified fuel cell property" as a fuel cell power plant which generates at least 0.5 kilowatt of electricity using an electrochemical process.

Allows a similar tax credit for the installation of qualified fuel cell property in a principal residence. Terminates both tax credits after December 31, 2009.
Entitles the University of Alaska to select up to 250,000 acres of Federal lands or interests in lands in or adjacent to Alaska as a land grant and directs the Secretary of the Interior to convey to the University the Federal lands selected and approved in accordance with this Act. Sets forth requirements regarding permissible and impermissible selections. Requires as a condition of the grant that the University relinquish to the Secretary certain land holdings.

Allows the University, after receiving evidence of ownership from the State, to additionally select up to 250,000 acres of Federal lands or interests in or adjacent to Alaska to be conveyed as a matching grant for any lands received from the State after February 1, 2005.
Excludes from such program eligible health centers that perform or make referrals for abortions, or provide or make referrals for counseling that presents abortion as an option.
Directs the Secretary to require programs providing voluntary family planning services with such a grant to provide nondirective counseling and referrals regarding prenatal care and delivery, infant care, foster care, and adoption.
Makes religious organizations eligible for such grants without discrimination and mandates their independence from Federal, State, and local governments, providing certain safeguards to ensure such independence.
Provides the beneficiaries of assistance from religious organizations with certain rights, including the right not to be discriminated against by the religious organization.
Authorizes appropriations.
(This measure has not been amended since it was introduced in the Senate on March 5, 2003. However, because action occurred on the measure, the summary has been expanded.)Lifespan Respite Care Act of 2003 - (Sec. 2) Amends the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants or cooperative agreements to an agency or organization capable of operating on a statewide basis (an eligible recipient) to develop coordinated respite care programs. Defines respite care to mean planned or emergency care provided to a child or adult with a special need in order to provide temporary relief to the family caregiver of such child or adult.Instructs the Secretary to work cooperatively with existing Federal respite program officers to ensure coordination of services for family caregivers. Authorizes the Secretary to award grants or cooperative agreements to eligible recipients who submit an application containing certain information, including: (1) the extent and nature of the respite care needs of the population; and (2) how the proposed respite care activities will make use of other Federal, State, and local funds, programs, and other resources.Directs the Secretary to establish a review panel to make recommendations on applicants. Gives priority to applicants with the greatest likelihood of implementing or enhancing lifespan respite care statewide.Requires grant funds to be used for the development of lifespan respite care at the State and local levels (unless such a program already exists). Defines lifespan respite care as a system of accessible, community-based respite care services. Permits the use of funds for respite care services and training programs once a statewide program is in place and evaluated. Limits grants to five years. Permits a grant to be renewed. Requires funding to supplement, not supplant, existing government funds. Authorizes appropriations.Directs the Secretary to provide for the establishment of a National Resource Center on Lifespan Respite Care to maintain a national database and provide training, technical assistance, and information. Authorizes appropriations.
School Food Modernization Act This bill amends the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to direct the Department of Agriculture (USDA) to issue loan guarantees to local educational agencies (LEAs), school food authorities, tribal organizations, and other eligible entities to finance infrastructure improvements or equipment purchases to facilitate their provision of healthy meals through the school lunch program. USDA must give preference to applicants that demonstrate a substantial or disproportionate need for food service infrastructure or durable equipment, and shall establish fees for the loan guarantee program that are sufficient to cover the federal government's administrative costs in operating the program. USDA must also&nbsp;award competitive matching grants to assist LEAs, school food authorities, tribal organizations, and other eligible entities&nbsp;in purchasing the durable equipment and infrastructure they need to serve healthier meals and improve food safety. In doing so, USDA must give grant priority to applicants that: (1) have identified and are reasonably expected to meet an unmet local or community need, and (2) are located in states that have enacted funding measures to assist them with such purchases.  In addition,&nbsp;USDA must award competitive matching grants to experienced third-party training institutions to provide school food service personnel with the training and technical assistance they need to: (1) meet school lunch program nutrition standards, and (2) improve the efficacy and efficiency of the school lunch and breakfast programs.  The bill authorizes these grant and loan programs through FY2022. USDA&nbsp;must complete a study on the use of state administrative expense funds. The bill also &nbsp;rescinds $35 million of the Department of Education's unobligated balance available for administrative expenses. 
Congressional Commission on the Abolition of Modern-Day Slavery Act - Defines "modern-day slavery."

Establishes a congressional Commission on the Abolition of Modern-day Slavery which shall: (1) study matters relating to modern-day slavery; (2) review programs of relevant governmental agencies; (3) examine efforts by foreign countries and multilateral organizations to combat modern-day slavery; and (4) convene additional experts from nongovernmental organizations as part of the Commission's review.

States that the Commission shall: (1) advise Congress on how the United States could support efforts to eradicate modern-day slavery; (2) evaluate comparative strategies to prevent modern-day slavery, rescue and rehabilitate its victims, and prosecute traffickers and increase accountability within countries; (3) examine the economic impact on communities and countries that demonstrate measured success in fighting modern-day slavery; (4) evaluate the effectiveness of U.S. laws prohibiting the importation of goods produced through forced labor or child labor; (5) evaluate U.S. trade policy's effect on modern slavery, including a list of the 10 countries with the highest number of slaves within their borders; and (6) evaluate U.S. government procurement policies regarding slave-made goods or services.

Terminates the Commission 90 days after submission of a report required under this Act.
. The expanded summary of the Senate reported version is repeated here.) Brownfields Utilization, Investment, and Local Development Act of 2015 or the BUILD Act This bill amends the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to revise programs and funding regarding brownfields. (Brownfields are certain commercial properties that are hindered from reuse or redevelopment due to the presence of a hazardous substance, pollutant, or contaminant.) (Sec. 2) The bill makes certain nonprofit organizations and community development entities eligible for brownfields revitalization funding. (Sec. 3) The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) must establish a program to provide multipurpose grants to carry out inventory, characterization, assessment, planning, or remediation activities at brownfield sites. (Sec. 4) The brownfield site characterization and assessment grant program is revised by authorizing eligible governmental entities to receive grants for property that was acquired before January 11, 2002, even if the entities do not qualify as bona fide prospective purchasers. (Sec. 5) The bill increases the cap on the amount that may be given in grants and loans for each site to be remediated. (Sec. 7) The EPA must establish a grant program that provides training, research, and technical assistance to facilitate the inventory of brownfield sites, site assessments, remediation of brownfield sites, community involvement, or site preparation. (Currently, the EPA may provide funding for this purpose.) The bill authorizes the EPA to use up to a specified amount of the funding made available for the grant program on grants to assist small communities, Indian tribes, rural areas, or disadvantaged areas. (A small community is one with a population of no more than 15,000 individuals and a disadvantaged area has an annual median household income that is less than 80% of the state-wide annual median household income.) (Sec. 8) The EPA must give consideration to waterfront brownfield sites located adjacent to bodies of water or federally designated floodplains when providing brownfield grants. (Sec. 9) The EPA must establish a program to provide grants to: (1) carry out inventory, characterization, assessment, planning, feasibility analysis, design, or remediation activities to locate a clean energy project at brownfield sites; and (2) capitalize a revolving loan fund for those purposes. A clean energy project means: (1) a facility that generates renewable electricity from wind, solar, or geothermal energy; and (2) any energy efficiency improvement project at a facility. (Sec. 11) The bill: (1) reauthorizes through FY2018 and revises brownfields revitalization funding, and (2) reauthorizes through FY2018 state and tribal response programs (programs responding to brownfields).
Gift of Life Congressional Medal Act of 2001 - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to design and strike a bronze medal to commemorate organ donors and their families.Makes any organ donor, or the family of any organ donor, eligible for the medal.Requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to direct the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network to arrange for medal presentation to eligible individuals.
Veterans Health Care Full Funding Act - Requires each fiscal year budget submitted to Congress by the President to include requests for amounts for veterans health care programs. Requires amounts appropriated for such programs to be available for two consecutive fiscal years.

 Establishes the Veterans Health Care Funding Review Board within the Department of Veterans Affairs. Directs the Board, beginning with FY 2005, to determine the level of funding needed for such programs for that fiscal year and the next and to publish such determination in the Federal Register. Outlines veterans' health care needs factors to be considered by the Board in arriving at such determination.



Repeals requirements for certain congressional notifications in connection with a funding request for a Department major medical facility project or lease.

Provides a 30-day standard for access to medical care for veterans seeking primary or specialized care, as measured from: (1) the time the veteran contacts the Department seeking an appointment until the date a visit is completed (primary care); and (2) the date on which the veteran is referred to a specialist until the date a visit is completed (specialty care). Directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to develop a standard of waiting time during a visit and to periodically review the performance of Department facilities compared to that standard.
Humane Enforcement and Legal Protections for Separated Children Act or the HELP Separated Children Act - Sets forth apprehension procedures for immigration enforcement-related activities engaged in by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and cooperating entities, including: (1) providing the governor, local child welfare agencies, and local law enforcement with advance notice of an enforcement activity, if possible; (2) providing child welfare agencies and community organizations access to detained individuals to help DHS identify detainees who have children; (3) permitting detainees with children to make free phone calls to arrange for such children's care; and (4) requiring that the interests of children be considered in decisions regarding detainee release, detention, or transfer.

Directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to: (1) require DHS detention facilities to implement procedures to ensure that child custody and family interests can be considered in any immigration detention action, (2) develop memoranda of understanding with child welfare agencies and community organizations that protect the best interests of children of detained individuals, and (3) provide DHS personnel with appropriate training.
Honoring Female Congressional Pioneers Act of 2006 - Directs the Postal Service to provide for the issuance and sale of a semipostal in order to afford the public a convenient means to contribute towards the acquisition (for public display) of works of art honoring Jeanette Rankin, Mary Teresa Norton, Patsy Mink, Shirley Anita St. Hill Chisholm, and other female pioneers in government service.
Drug Free Sports Act - Directs the Secretary of Commerce to issue regulations requiring professional sports associations to adopt and enforce policies and procedures for testing athletes for the use of performance-enhancing substances, including regulations requiring: (1) random testing of each athlete annually without advance notification; (2) the Secretary to issue a list of substances for which each athlete is to be tested that includes prohibited substances as determined by the World Anti-Doping Agency and performance-enhancing substances for which testing is reasonable and practicable; (3) that such tests be administered by an independent party not affiliated with the professional sports associations; (4) suspension for a minimum of two years for a first positive test and permanent suspension for a second positive test; (5) disclosure to the public of the name of any athlete that tests positive; and (6) an opportunity for a prompt hearing and an appeal.

Allows the Secretary to: (1) exempt any professional sports association that has previously adopted and implemented policies and procedures that meet or exceed the requirements of such regulations; and (2) fine any such association for failure to adopt and enforce testing policies and procedures consistent with the regulations.

Requires the Comptroller General to study the use of performance-enhancing substances by college and secondary school athletes.
Safe Overseas Human Testing Act - Declares it is the policy of Congress to control the export of drugs and other test articles intended for overseas clinical investigations involving human participants in order to foster public health and safety, prevent injury to U.S. foreign policy, and preserve the credibility of the United States as a responsible trading partner.Requires a license approved by the President for the export of such test articles. Sets forth certain export license requirements, including that the license applicant shall: (1) identify each clinical investigation for which the test article is intended; and (2) submit proof that each of the protocols for every clinical investigation has been reviewed by an institutional review board and has, at a minimum, met substantially the same standards for the protection of the rights and welfare of human subjects as that required for Institutional Review Boards approval of protocols for clinical investigations (in the United States) of test articles pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.
Medicare Prescription Drug Savings and Choice Act of 2005 - Amends part D (Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program) of title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to offer one or more Medicare operated prescription drug plans nationally that provide qualified prescription drug coverage and access to negotiated prices. Allows the plan to offer supplemental prescription drug coverage in the same manner as other qualified prescription drug coverage by other prescription drug plans.

Requires the Secretary to negotiate with pharmaceutical manufacturers to reduce the purchase cost of covered Medicare part D drugs for eligible part D individuals, and encourage the use of more affordable therapeutic equivalents.

Requires the monthly beneficiary premium charged under such a plan to be uniform nationally. Makes the premium for months in 2006 $35, with a formula for determining premium adjustments in subsequent years.
Protecting Sensitive Locations Act This bill amends the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that an immigration enforcement action by the Department of Homeland Security or an individual designated to perform immigration enforcement functions may not take place at a sensitive location, except: (1) under exigent circumstances, and (2) with prior approval.  A &quot;sensitive location&quot; includes all of the physical space located within 1,000 feet of:    medical treatment or health care facilities;   public and private schools;   scholastic or education-related activities;   school bus or school bus stops during periods when school children are present;   emergency shelter or food locations;   any organization that assists children, pregnant women, victims of crime or abuse, or individuals with significant mental or physical disabilities or that provides disaster or emergency social services;   places of worship;   funerals, weddings, or other public religious ceremonies;   public demonstrations;   federal, state, or local courthouses;   congressional district offices;   public assistance or social security offices; or  motor vehicles departments.   The bill shall not apply to the transportation of an individual apprehended at or near a land or sea border to a hospital or health care provider for the purpose of providing such individual with medical care. If an enforcement action is carried out in violation of this bill: (1) no information resulting from the action may be entered into the record or received into evidence in a resulting removal proceeding, and (2) the affected alien may file a motion for such proceeding's immediate termination.  U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall provide training to officers and report to Congress on any enforcement activity occurring at sensitive locations.
World War I American Veterans Centennial Commemorative Coin Act - Directs the Secretary of the Treasury to: (1) mint and issue $1 silver coins to commemorate the centennial of the involvement of the United States in World War I, and (2) hold a competition and provide compensation for its winner to design the obverse and reverse of the coins.  Requires the design of such coins to be emblematic of the centennial of the involvement of the United States in World War I.  Permits the Secretary to issue such coins only during the period beginning on January 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2018. Subjects the coin sales to a surcharge of $10 per coin, payable by the Secretary to the World War I Centennial Commission.
Child Abuse Accountability Act - Amends Federal law regarding Federal employees' pensions to provide for the garnishment of retirement annuities of Federal employees for the enforcement of a court order for the payment of monetary damages to victims of emotional, sexual, or physical child abuse.
Outer Continental Shelf Deep Water Royalty Relief Act - Amends the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to reduce or eliminate any royalty or net profit share set forth in existing leases, before commencement of production, for oil or gas resources in deep water on the Outer Continental Shelf in the Gulf of Mexico. 
Declares that no royalty payments shall be due on new production from any lease or unit located in specified water depths in the Western and Central Planning Areas of the Gulf until certain volumes of oil equivalent are produced. 
Suspends royalties for a five-year period for new leases in specified water depths in the Gulf.
(Sec. 3) Directs the Small Business Administration (SBA) to: (1) perform an annual examination of the programs and finances of each women's business center; and (2) determine the viability of each center after such examination. Requires a report from the SBA to the congressional small business committees on the effectiveness of all projects conducted under the women's business centers program.
(Sec. 4) Establishes a four-year pilot program under which the SBA is authorized to make grants on a competitive basis to organizations that have received assistance for participation in the women's business centers program and that: (1) are in the final year of a five-year project; or (2) have completed a financed project and continue to provide assistance to women entrepreneurs. Outlines grant participation conditions, including certification that the organization is private and nonprofit and submission of a five-year plan that demonstrates the organization's ability to serve women business owners or potential owners and to provide training and services to women who are both socially and economically disadvantaged. Outlines matching fund requirements and application procedures. Authorizes appropriations for FY 2000 through 2003 for the pilot program, earmarking specified amounts for administrative costs related to the selection of grant participants and sustainability grants.
College Fire Prevention Act - Directs the Secretary of Education to make competitive demonstration grants to private or public colleges or universities, fraternities, or sororities for up to half the cost of installing fire sprinkler systems, or other fire suppression or prevention technologies, in student housing and dormitories owned or controlled by such entities.Requires grant priority to be given eligible entities that demonstrate the greatest financial need.Reserves the following portions of grant funds made available for each fiscal year: (1) at least ten percent for eligible entities that are historically Black colleges and universities, Hispanic-serving institutions, and Tribally Controlled Colleges and Universities; and (2) at least ten percent for eligible entities that are social fraternities and sororities.Provides that any application for assistance under this Act, any negative determination on the part of the Secretary with respect to such application, or any statement of reasons for the determination, shall not be admissible as evidence in any proceeding of any court, agency, board, or other entity (except a proceeding to enforce an agreement entered into between the Secretary and an eligible entity under this Act).
Investment in America Act of 2003 - Amends the Internal Revenue Code to make permanent the credit for increasing research activities. Increases the alternative incremental credit rates. Provides an alternative credit for qualified research expenses.
Scientific Integrity Act This bill requires, subject to the exemptions for disclosures of information under the Freedom of Information Act, each federal agency that funds or conducts scientific research to: (1) promote and maximize the communication and open exchange of data and findings to other agencies, policymakers, and the public of research conducted by a scientist employed or contracted by such an agency; and (2) prevent the intentional or unintentional suppression or distortion of such data and findings. The bill amends the America COMPETES Act to revise provisions relating to the release of data and results of research conducted by scientists employed at all federal civilian agencies that fund or conduct scientific research.  Each federal agency that funds or conducts scientific research shall: (1) develop and enforce a specified scientific integrity policy, including procedures, regarding the release of data and findings to other agencies, policymakers, and the public of research conducted by a scientist employed or contracted by that agency; and (2) submit it to Congress and the Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP).  Such a policy shall apply to employees and contractors who conduct, handle, communicate, or supervise federally funded scientific research for a federal agency or for a federally funded research and development center sponsored by that agency.  A federal agency that funds or conducts scientific research shall: (1) disseminate its policy to new employees and contractors, and (2) develop and require training on its policy for employees and contractors regarding scientific research for that agency.  The OSTP shall enter into an agrement with the National Academy of Public Administration to study the effectiveness of the scientific integrity policies developed pursuant to this bill. 
(This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the Senate on July 28, 2015.  Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act of 2015 (Sec. 2) Amends the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012 to extend the availability of the Do Not Pay Initiative to states, any contractor, subcontractor, or agent of a state, and the judicial and legislative branches of the United States. Authorizes the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to issue guidance for establishing privacy and other requirements for incorporation into Do Not Pay Initiative access agreements with states and judicial and legislative branches.  (Sec. 3) Modifies such Act to require each federal agency to review the death records maintained by the Social Security Administration (SSA) (currently, the Death Master File of SSA).  Directs the Departments of Defense and State to establish a procedure for submitting information on the deaths of individuals to federal agencies promptly and on a regular basis.  Requires the OMB and the heads of other relevant governmental entities to issue guidance on the implementation of the Do Not Pay Initiative to the Department of the Treasury and each agency and component of an agency: (1) that operates or maintains a database of information; or (2) for which the OMB determines improved data matching would be relevant, necessary, or beneficial.  (Sec. 4) Directs Treasury to submit a report to Congress that describes: (1) data analytics performed as part of the Do Not Pay Business Center operated by Treasury, (2) metrics used in determining whether analytic and investigatory efforts have reduced improper payments or awards, and (3) the target dates for implementing the data analytics operations.
No Child Left Behind Reform Act - Amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (ESEA) to allow states to include measures of individual or cohort growth over time in determining whether students are making adequate yearly progress (AYP) toward state academic performance standards. Eliminates the consideration of student attendance rates.

Allows schools to be given credit for performing well on measures other than test scores when calculating student achievement.

Authorizes the Secretary of Education to award competitive: (1) grants to state educational agencies to develop or increase the capacity of data systems for accountability purposes; and (2) subgrants to increase the capacity of local educational agencies to upgrade, create, or manage information databases for the purpose of measuring AYP.

 Allows schools to target school choice and supplemental services to the students who are members of specified types of groups that fail to make AYP. Requires placement and service in the least restrictive environment for students who receive services under the Individuals With Disabilities Education Act who use an option to transfer under ESEA.

Revises the definition of highly qualified teacher to authorize states to: (1) use a generalist exam for middle school teachers; and (2) issue certificates that qualify teachers to teach a number of subjects in social studies or in science.
Prevention of Escapement of Genetically Altered Salmon in the United States Act - Prohibits a person from: (1) shipping, transporting, offering for sale, selling, or purchasing a covered fish, or a food product containing such fish, in interstate or foreign commerce; (2) having custody, control, or possession of, with the intent to ship, transport, offer for sale, sell, or purchase such fish or food products, in interstate or foreign commerce; (3) releasing such fish into a natural environment; or (4) having custody, control, or possession of such fish with the intent to release it into a natural environment.   Defines &quot;covered fish&quot; as a salmon or other anadromous or marine fish (live or dead, including the gametes, fertilized eggs, offspring, and descendants) that is modified or produced through the application of recombinant deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) technologies, using DNA from an organism's own genome or that of another species, which overcome natural physiological reproductive barriers and which are not techniques used in traditional breeding and selection. Exempts from such prohibitions fish, fish parts, or products confined for scientific research or collected to enforce this Act. Sets forth an additional exception if the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, upon reviewing any application requesting a federal agency to permit activity prohibited by this Act: (1) prepares a finding of no significant impact in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, or (2) finds the application to be consistent with an environmental impact statement that includes an environmental risk analysis and specified assessments of costs and potential economic damage. Directs each federal agency to promptly notify the Under Secretary when an action involving such covered fish or food products is first identified. Authorizes the Secretary of Commerce to enforce penalties for violations of this Act under specified provisions of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act.
Consortia-Led Energy and Advanced Manufacturing Networks Act - Directs the Department of Commerce to carry out a program to establish clean technology consortia to enhance U.S. economic, environmental, and energy security by promoting domestic development, manufacture, and deployment of clean technologies, production processes, or methodologies that:   produce energy from renewable energy sources;   transmit, distribute, or store energy more efficiently; enhance energy efficiency for buildings and industry;  enable the development of a Smart Grid (an electric power system to maintain a reliable and secure electricity infrastructure that can meet future demand growth, including by deploying demand-side resources that enable consumers to reduce or shift their electricity usage during peak periods);  produce an advanced or sustainable material with energy or energy efficiency applications;   improve energy efficiency for transportation, including electric vehicles; or  enhance water security through improved water management, conservation, distribution, or end use applications.   Requires Commerce to award grants for the establishment and operation of consortia. Establishes the role of consortia, including promoting new innovative clean technologies, providing technical or financial assistance, and accelerating investment in and deployment of clean technologies through public-private partnerships. 
Watermelon Research and Promotion Improvement Act of 1993 - Amends the Watermelon Research and Promotion Act to extend its provisions to each of the States and the District of Columbia. 
Authorizes the revocation of the watermelon assessment refund. 
Revises provisions regarding:  (1) handler and producer National Watermelon Promotion Board membership; (2) assessment rates; and (3) referendum procedures.
Government Shutdown Prevention Act - Amends Federal law relating to appropriations to provide for continuing appropriations in the absence of regular appropriations.  Limits such continuing appropriations to 75 percent of the current rate of operations or a lower rate determined according to specified requirements.
Hydrographic Services Improvement Act Amendments of 2007 - Amends the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998 to set forth findings and purposes for the Act.

Revises the definitions of "hydrographic data" and "hydrographic services" to include shoreline surveying and water level observations.

Requires the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to promote safe, efficient, and environmentally sound marine transportation and to provide hydrographic services. Revises the Administrator's authorities, including providing hydrographic services to save and protect life and property and support the resumption of commerce in response to emergencies, natural and man-made disasters, and homeland security and maritime domain awareness needs.

Modifies membership and compensation provisions regarding the Hydrographic Services Review Panel.
Elder Justice Reauthorization Act   Reauthorizes the Elder Justice Act of 2009 and funding for its programs through FY2019. Amends the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to reauthorize through FY2019: (1) the National Training Institute for Federal and State Surveyors, and (2) grants by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to state agencies that perform surveys of skilled nursing facilities or nursing facilities.
Personal Health Investment Today Act or the PHIT Act  This bill amends the Internal Revenue Code to allow a medical care tax deduction for qualified sports and fitness expenses. The deduction applies to amounts paid for: (1) fitness facility memberships, (2) physical exercise or activity programs, and (3) safety equipment for use in a physical exercise or activity program.  The overall deduction is limited to $500 per year (twice the amount in the case of a joint return or a head of household), and a deduction for safety equipment may not exceed $250. The bill requires the limits to be adjusted for inflation after 2019.  The deduction does not include expenses for golf, hunting, sailing, horseback riding, and videos or books. 
Energy Consumers Relief Act of 2013 - Prohibits the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from promulgating a final rule that regulates any aspect of the production, supply, distribution, or use of energy (or that provides for such regulation by state or local governments) and that is estimated by the Administrator or the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to impose aggregate costs of more than $1 billion if the Secretary of Energy (DOE) determines that the rule will result in significant adverse effects to the economy. Requires the Administrator, for each such rule, to submit a report that contains: (1) an estimate of the total costs and benefits of the rule, (2) an estimate of the increases in energy prices that may result from implementation or enforcement of the rule, and (3) a detailed description of the employment effects that may result from implementation or enforcement of the rule. Requires the Secretary: (1) to prepare an independent analysis to determine whether such rule will cause any increase in energy prices for consumers, any impact on fuel diversity of the nation's electricity generation portfolio or on electric reliability, or any adverse effect on energy supply, distribution, or use; and (2) upon making such a determination, to determine whether the rule will result in significant adverse effects to the economy and publish such determination in the Federal Register.
Rural Multifamily Rental Housing Loan Guarantee Demonstration Act - Amends the Housing Act of 1949 to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to guarantee the repayment of loans made by private lenders for the development costs of multifamily rental housing for low- and moderate-income rural families. 
Permits a low-income housing tax credit under the Internal Revenue Code for housing developed from such a loan guarantee if it meets certain tax requirements. 
Authorizes appropriations. 
Terminates loan guarantee authority after FY 1996.
